Title: part of the group. Free will wasn’ t the reason they’d all come together either; Akuudan and T ayagum would have preferred their peaceful (Part 2)

BONDING
At least Nujian looked spectacular as usual. A day of frolicking in the wilds outside T aku had rejuvenated the A vatar ’s bison. He came to them by
bounding over the meadow , enjoying the contact of his six feet on the earth.
The grasses shook at his impact.
“Not so loud,” Y angchen said to him. She wore a gray city-dweller ’s outfit for the mission and had wrapped her head in a scarf. “Y ou’re going to
draw attention.”
Nujian huf fed, slowed to a trot, and tossed back his woolly curls, fallen leaves woven into his fur like the embellishments of a landscape painter .
Despite the scolding, the very first thing he did upon reaching them was to nuzzle his Airbender . Yangchen leaned into the touch, her eyes closed.
Kavik could sense the strength they drew from each other . Yangchen barely ever touched Nujian’ s reins and often spoke to him as if he were a
sibling rather than a beloved steed. It must have been nice to be able to rely on someone so completely .
Right now , a dif ferent sky bison wearing Y angchen’ s normal saddle slumbered in T aku’s stable, pampered by grooms and handlers who were
most certainly on the payroll of the zongdus. The switch had been prepared in advance in case they needed to leave T aku without anyone knowing;
Nujian had never entered the city .
So encased in deception were they that even the A vatar ’s bison had a body double.
At least Kavik could look forward to some quality time with the best member of the team, the one who knew a grudge couldn’ t live forever . He
extended his arms as Nujian approached. “A ww, there’ s my big fluf fy—
Hey! Hey! That’ s cheating! ”
Jujinta, using his innate talent at producing hidden objects out of thin air, held up an apple that had distinctly not been part of the supplies. Nujian

veered away from Kavik and cozied up to the filthy briber , rumbling until he got his treat.
The expression in Jujinta’ s eyes as he scratched the bison’ s ears was colder than the teeth of an ice saw . That’ s right , his dead, soulless gaze said
to Kavik. I will take everything fr om you .
“Sure, keep wasting valuable time,” Y angchen said. She’d already leaped onto Nujian’ s withers. “Just remember I can turn him against both of
you with a word.”
That ended the showdown. Kavik and Jujinta climbed into the saddle without another word. Some threats were too horrific to ignore.
Kavik could admit to understanding Iwashi’ s obsession with boats this time of year . The weather was absolutely stunning. Had he similar means as the
Zongdu of T aku, he also might have chosen to idle his days away in these waters.
Gone was the stifling humidity of the coast, replaced by a warm, pliant breeze. The ocean rolled and foamed beneath them, a layer of confection
spread as far as the eye could see. The only thing ruining the flight was the company .
“Will you stop doing that?” Kavik said as Jujinta slowly , unnervingly rotated his head back and forth over the saddle edge. Y angchen had
assigned them a direction each to monitor . “Staring at the same patch of open water more than once is pointless. If you didn’ t see it the first time,
you’re not going to see it the next.”
“You search in your way , and I’ll search in mine,” Jujinta said. He made another swivel, taking deliberate care to blink at regular intervals.
“Besides, only a fool trusts his first glance. The sun glare, a lar ge swell blocking a portion of the horizon. Y ou may have already let our goal slip by
in your carelessness.”
Kavik rolled his eyes and leaned back. He tapped his foot against the saddle. Once, twice. Finally , he scowled and turned to look behind them.
There was nothing, of course.
He’d been skeptical of this plan from the start. Drawing conclusions about the existence and location of a secret base from gaps in records felt

flimsy to him. He preferred positive confirmation, direct evidence. Perhaps he would have been more convinced had Y angchen allowed him to read the
stolen notes, but there was no way she was going to reveal more information to the White Lotus than necessary .
“Can you drop us close to the water?” Jujinta asked her . “Really close?”
Yangchen clicked her teeth and Nujian rolled sharply to the side.
Kavik had to hang on to the rail behind him to keep from sliding across the saddle. Jujinta leaned down as they descended, reaching for the water ’s
surface, until they got close enough for him to skim his fingers along the waves. “Anything?” Y angchen shouted over the slicing hiss.
“No.” Jujinta withdrew his arm and shook the saltwater of f. “I thought
I’d give it a try .”
Nujian leveled his flight path and reascended. Kavik considered what he’d just seen. They should have brought T ayagum if they wanted to read
the currents; he was the most experienced sailor . “You know how to wayfind?”
“I guess not well enough,” Jujinta said. “Y ou don’ t need to look so surprised. I was born on an island. I have as much af finity for—” He cut
himself of f.
“Ha!” Kavik said. “Y ou were going to say you had as much af finity for the water as me before realizing how stupid you would have sounded. It’ s a
good thing we didn’ t put you in front of Iwashi. He would have picked his teeth with you.” He settled back into his seat and waited for a comeback.
“So I’m not the best talker ,” Jujinta said quietly . “I’m not as quicktongued as either of you.”
He’d withdrawn into himself, his lips pressed tightly together . His posture, tense to the point of nearly shaking, reminded Kavik of how he’d
carried himself before the warehouse job in Jonduri, when the other members of the association mocked and cheered against him in the knifethrowing contest. He’d for gotten to resume sweeping the horizon back and
forth.
Kavik caught Y angchen glaring furiously at him over her shoulder .
Right. He couldn’ t spar with his former partner the same way he did with the A vatar . Threatening to kill each other was somehow fair game, but not

making fun. They wouldn’ t have asked Jujinta to playact any more than they would have assigned Kavik to knock out an enemy at range.
He sighed. “Y ou know , even back in Jonduri, I don’ t think I recall you mentioning where you grew up.”
“Because I didn’ t,” Jujinta snapped. “My people don’ t reveal secrets to outsiders.”
“At this point we’re not exactly outsiders anymore. Y ou already know my dirtiest piece of laundry and it’ s good manners to reciprocate. Come on.
Spill.”
Everyone imagined themselves a fortress. But if there was one lesson
Kavik had learned from his conversations with marks, it was that a retreat behind walls was often a plea for relief. Apparently , Yangchen agreed,
because she let go of the reins to join them in the back.
She tucked her feet under her in a lotus position. “Sharing stories with people who care about you can sometimes ease the burdens we carry . A
secret released is like a shouldered stone, dropped into the sea.”
Jujinta eyed them both warily , unsure of how to deal with a twopronged assault of friendly interest. His jaw twitched, a series of false starts that seemed like they would build up to the real one.
But the winds shifted. Jujinta shut like the lid of a clam, arms folded over his chest. “There’ s no point in talking about my home,” he said.
“Because I can never go back there again.”
Kavik scof fed. “ Never ’s a bit strong, don’ t you think? If you’ve got heat on you, it’ll die down eventually .”
“I agree; time heals many a rift,” Y angchen said. “I’m sure that once you’re ready , you can return—”
“I can’t!” Jujinta roared. “What part of that do you two not understand?”
They’d pushed too hard. Jujinta never raised his voice, most certainly not at the A vatar . “I can’ t simply declare things fixed!” he said. “If
something happens, and it’ s your fault, then it’ s your fault forever!”
The furrow in his brow caused the scar over his nose to deepen.
“You!” he said to Kavik, brimming with resentment. “Just sauntering back into the team’ s good graces without a care. I know you think you can talk
your way out of any situation, but you can’ t. You don’ t get to speak a new reality into existence just because it suits you.”

He turned to Yangchen. “And with all due respect, Avatar,

you

are

welcome anywhere in the world. You don’t know what it’s like to be

severed from your roots!”

Yangchen’s face went pale. Jujinta didn’t know that she’d been exiled

from the Northern Air Temple. Nor could he have known Kavik wasn’t safe

in Bin-Er or Agna Qel’a. He’d flung his knives blind and caught them both

dead center. A consummate trick-shot artist.

No one spoke. To think, the three of them could have bonded over how

similar their circumstances were, had the truth not been such an impossible

gulf to bridge.

Nujian grunted, mercy-killing the conversation by alerting them to a

flock of seabirds up ahead. Frigaterns. The gray birds sliced into the wind

like the tip of a weathervane. Several of them carried small fish in their

beaks.

That had to mean a nest was close by. The Avatar’s hunch was correct;
somewhere up ahead was land. Celebrations were in order.

Nujian’s looming bulk set off a frenzy of cawing from the frigaterns.
“We should have placed bets,” Jujinta said over the noise.

CIRCUMST ANTIAL EVIDENCE
They debated the merits of a scouting flyover and quickly decided against it. “The place could be crawling with Firebenders the likes of Thapa,”
Yangchen said. “W e don’ t know for sure.”
So they settled on a low approach, skimming the waves. The island grew nearer , expanded, a thickening green brushstroke atop black volcanic
sand, the painter ’s perspective. Kavik gripped the saddle rail, his knuckles nearly bursting through his skin as Nujian swung from side to side in a
serpentine pattern. He thought it was the motion making him dizzy and nauseous until he realized he’d been holding his breath and counting until
the noise came. Unanimity had baked a terror into his bones that he wasn’ t over yet.
Yangchen landed Nujian on a stretch of beach barely wider than he was. “Y ou can’ t come char ging in if you hear explosions,” she said to her
bison once their feet were firmly on the ground again. “Y ou understand me?
No heroics this time. It’ s too dangerous.”
Kavik wasn’ t sure if her companion got all of that, but better safe than sorry . The forest of thick-trunked lava palms came up to the edge of the
shore, dense as clasped fingers, and blocked any view of the interior . To venture farther , they’d have to duck inside a bowed arch dripping with
vines.
“I feel like we’re encroaching on the domain of a spirit,” he said as he filled a skin with seawater and slung it over his shoulder .
“We’re not,” Y angchen said. “No vengeful beings on this particular island.”
“Are you sure?”
“Pretty sure.”
They tiptoed over the web of roots crisscrossing the forest floor , line abreast, him and Jujinta guarding the A vatar ’s flanks. Kavik found comfort

in moving together . Their physical coordination almost made them look like a real team.
The going was slow . Because of the humidity , moss had grown over every surface, coating the trees and rocks in a jade fur . The sun, sieved
through the canopy above, dappled the forms of Kavik’ s mission partners as they crept through the trees, giving them the shifting light-dark-light forms
of tiger -dillos.
He noticed over Y angchen’ s head and slightly behind her , in her blind spot, a pair of green-and-black-plumed birds he didn’ t know the name of.
The idea that they were following the A vatar would have been ridiculous had they not been moving in complete unison with her . Whenever she took
a step, they took a little hop along the branches to keep up. Step. Hop.
Kavik waved at Y angchen. “Are those birds following you?” he whispered. “Do you have food in your pockets or something?”
As soon as she looked behind her , the birds flew down from their perches and landed on her shoulders. They chirped sweetly and fanned their
tails, revealing a spot pattern that resembled a winking face.
The sight of nature flocking to the A vatar was amusing, but also not.
Disrupting the animals around them could give away their presence.
Yangchen frowned at her new disciples until they got the message and flitted away into the forest.
“Don’ t worry ,” Kavik said. “I won’ t tell Pik and Pak you’ve been cheating on them.”
She rolled her eyes at him and kept going.
Yangchen suddenly raised her fist again. Not to tell Kavik of f, but to call for a halt. “What is it?” Jujinta asked quietly .
“There’ s a clearing ahead.”
Kavik peered as far as the crowded growth would allow . “How can you tell?”
“The wind blows dif ferently . Careful now .”
Jujinta reached under the back of his shirt and drew a long, wicked dagger . Kavik removed the stopper from his waterskin and placed his
thumb over the opening. For once they weren’ t trying to out-brandish each

other . Their leader , who had the sharpest senses, took point and they fell in behind her .
Sure enough, the forest eventually gave way to an open expanse, a swath of combed, tended land within the tangle of trees. About a dozen long
huts lay in rows. Kavik noted several of the roofs in disrepair , the woven fronds eaten away to reveal bamboo poles jutting out like the ribs of
carrion.
They waited to see if anyone came or went. No one did. Y angchen hefted a rock and earthbent it with scorching speed at a distant tree. A
hollow thunk reverberated through the clearing.
Still nothing. No one came to check on the noise.
“Stay close to me,” Y angchen whispered. They ventured toward the nearest hut and peeked through the door . Inside was empty except for an
internal scaf folding of bamboo that lined the walls.
“Storage?” Kavik guessed.
“Barracks,” Jujinta said.
The rest of the huts contained the same sets of frames. Assuming
Jujinta was right about the beds, this complex could have slept a hundred people. “There can’ t be that many Thapas running around,” Kavik said.
There simply couldn’ t. The Four Nations would lose their collective minds.
There would be no stable footing if Unanimity could be had by the dozen for cheap.
“Let’ s keep searching before we draw any conclusions,” Y angchen muttered. Let’s not dive into the nightmar e scenario befor e we have to . The
world could stay whole and unbroken for just a little longer .
Only one building in the camp stood out, a double-length lodge that capped the rows of huts. One half of the interior was clearly a training floor
where fighters and benders could practice forms and spar . The other end was a jumble of bare bookshelves, broken jars, wooden poles of varying
lengths. He picked up a potsherd and snif fed the curved, stained inside surface.
The odor had faded, but he could still detect the once pungent bajitian and mustard seed. Ingredients for dit da jow , “hit medicine” used to numb
and toughen knuckles ruined by punching. The same kind of wounds the
Avatar had treated on him, but with the damage tempered into the bones

instead of undone. Based of f the remaining trash, the occupants had gone through the herbal remedy like water .
Kavik looked at the room again, with dif ferent eyes. A training floor was nominally a respected space where students could make a noble ef fort
to hone their skills. Even his dingy Gidu basement counted as a hall of learning, under A yunerak’ s tutelage.
This place gave him the impression of a factory instead. An assembly line that made injured people. The product could be moved from one end of
the building to the other for maximum ef ficiency .
There was no dignity of a sifu’ s touch he could discern here. Only output.
“Look at this.” Jujinta held up a lar ge scrap of paper . The remaining corner of a scroll that had likely been pulled from the wall in haste. On it
was the depiction of a human arm, naked, marked up with lines like a butcher ’s guide of where to cut. The drawing ended at the shoulder , along
the tear .
Yangchen took the paper from him and examined it closely . “This is a very old, very archaic Air Nomad acupuncture map. The ener gy pathways
follow our ancestral theories about chi movement. There’ s a lot of overlap with common medical knowledge, but some important dif ferences as well.”
She flopped it back down like an old man reading a newsletter over his morning tea. “Chaisee shouldn’ t have this.”
“You told us she collects rare books,” Kavik said.
“She shouldn’ t have this,” Y angchen repeated. “I’ve never seen one of these diagrams outside a temple before.”
“There’ s more ground to search,” Jujinta said, his gaze shifting to the door.
They circumnavigated the clearing in single file instead of treading on the soft earth where they might leave tracks. As Kavik brought up the rear ,
he saw that he hadn’ t imagined it earlier—Jujinta was antsy . Nervous even.
His movements were unusually stif f and slow . Kavik managed to tap him on the shoulder without getting sliced open, a troubling sign in itself.
“What’ s wrong? Y ou look like you swallowed a horse-bug.”
Jujinta grimaced. “This is a cursed place,” he said under his breath, not wanting Y angchen to hear . “We shouldn’ t have come.”
“The A vatar said there aren’ t any spirits around.”

“Spirits, no.” Jujinta’ s nostrils flared as he looked up at the trees. “It’ s the echoes of people I’m worried about …”
He spoke with such quiet certainty that the hairs on Kavik’ s neck stood on end. The empty beds. Suddenly the wind through the branches took on
the rustle of voices. The birds had been silent for too long.
“Psst.”
Kavik nearly jumped out of his skin. Screaming fleas . “I said stay close,” Y angchen hissed again. She beckoned them over to a footpath
leading deeper into the woods. It hadn’ t been used in a while; new shoots of grass sprouted in the worn dirt.
They followed the trail like the winding banks of a river . The jungle here was so thick they had to squeeze sideways through the trees at times.
The path became a lifeline. If they lost sight of the thread, they might never make it back to the entrance of the maze.
The A vatar , still in the lead, disappeared around the bend of a thicket.
Then Jujinta vanished. Suddenly Kavik was alone. In his haste to catch up,
he slipped as he took the corner and for a brief moment the hands that caught him felt like they would drag him into the sky .
Thankfully , the palm over his mouth belonged to Y angchen. She kept it there so he wouldn’ t make any noise of surprise at the lar ge temple of black
stone sitting right in front of them.
The greenery had cloaked the edifice as well as any ambush predator .
Jointless, giant blocks of hardened lava rose higher than a T aku apartment.
No vines or wayward branches touched the construction, as if the jungle recognized the aberration in its midst.
Jujinta was right. Customs had been created for places like these.
Avoid the shoals. Stay clear of the pits. Do not go near the black building .
“We need to look inside,” Y angchen said.
Kavik knew it, despite the screams of protest from deep in his marrow .
They searched for a door .
The pitted stone made it dif ficult to see edges in the masonry . They almost missed the entrance on the first pass. A tunnel low enough to force a
crouch. “Why would you go to so much trouble to build this structure and not bother with a full-sized door?” Kavik wondered out loud.
“Because you don’ t want anything to escape,” Jujinta said. “Light.
Sound. People. Perhaps the A vatar should wait outside for her safety .”

“Perhaps the A vatar should upend this entire building with earthbending and shake the contents out like a basket,” Kavik said. “For all
of our safety .”
A weak joke, to keep the unease at bay . But Y angchen answered honestly . “I don’ t know if that’ s called for yet.” She opened her hand and a
flame rose from her skin. Carrying it like a torch, she ducked inside the stone.
The walls of the tunnel were unsettlingly damp, as if the stone breathed and perspired. They shuf fled along quickly; there was no advantage to lingering
in such a vulnerable position. Jujinta’ s limbs blocked the A vatar ’s precious light. As the rear guard, Kavik had to frequently look over his shoulder at
the entrance shrinking behind them. He imagined that someone who’d fallen down a well might enjoy a similar view .
Suddenly the tunnel opened into a lar ger room, and they could stand again. Y angchen sent the flame in her hand to a spot on the wall. A mounted
torch, used up halfway but with enough wood left to burn.
The fire revealed they had the room to themselves, except for a lar ge pile of scrap metal sitting in the center . Light reflected of f jutting angles.
Kavik walked over and leaned closer without touching.
Iron hoops. In assorted sizes. Some of the rings were only as big around as a pumpkin, and others were so lar ge they’d been broken down
into quarters to fit through the tunnel. While they’d been tossed into the heap without care, like a collection of cheap bangles, Kavik noticed the
pieces could have been arranged in a continuous line from smallest to largest, without duplicates.
“What do you make of this?” he asked the others. Maybe a cooper had been searching for an ideal barrel size through trial and error .
“I don’ t know ,” Yangchen said. “But there’ s something underneath.”
She was right; buried under the metal was a cloth-covered object,
probably a chair judging by the shape. Y angchen began to pull the rings of f and throw them into the corner , pausing only to examine her hands with
distaste. “They’re greasy .”

Kavik helped her . The iron was indeed slippery with animal fat, as if the pieces had to slide against a moving component. Once the last ring had
been pushed aside, he wiped his hands on a corner of the cloth before yanking it away .
He needed a moment to fully comprehend the object he’d just unveiled. “Oh no,” Kavik murmured. “No, no, no.”
It was indeed a chair . But the feet were bolted to the floor . The legs,
armrests, and back had leather restraints to fit around the body of the occupant. The seat had been stained dark by foulness. The ends of the arms
were grooved and splintered where fingernails had gouged into the wood.
Kavik retched. “Leave,” Yangchen barked protectively , as if she might quarantine her companions before the taint of evil reached them. He
barreled out of the tunnel, holding his sides, until he tripped over grass.
After emptying his stomach of the travel rations, Kavik rolled onto his back and tried to scrub his face with sunlight. He was tempted to open his
eyes and let them fry to get the image of that chair out of his head.
Jujinta emer ged from the tunnel. A single cough was all he needed to muster himself. He thumped his fist on the stone, upset, but in the manner
of an experienced general surveying his losses. “W e shouldn’ t have come,”
he muttered.
Yangchen stepped out. W ithout a word, she motioned them away from the building’ s edge. Then she turned around and slammed her foot into the
earth.
Roots snapped. Gravel sizzled. The black stone, the whole massive structure, sank straight down, lowered by the A vatar ’s power as smoothly as
a bucket on a winch.
Wait, Kavik wanted to shout, the evidence . If they buried the traces of
Chaisee’ s crimes, there’d be no way to make her answer for them.
And then his rational voice took over . Evidence of what? Presented to whom? W as there a fair and impartial judge waiting in the wings? Could
they go to Feishan and ask for the Earth King’ s law to be applied here?
Kavik watched the sinkhole fill, too sick to be impressed. Loose,
leached soil covered the stone, a giant grave. Once the act was done,
Yangchen exhaled and wiped her face, showing the exertion of a feat that would have normally required the teamwork of several masters. She took
the time to press her hands together and chant, reciting a prayer of warding

and protection repeatedly, pleading with the spirits to leave this foul place at

a distance.

Kavik agreed. Certain evils needed to be buried and never disturbed

again.

PRIMAR Y SOURCES
Compared to the horror behind them, the sea was a clean break, a place to bathe Kavik’ s mind if not his body . My element , he thought. Thank the
tides .
The water came in gentle waves. Patches of dark coral stretched below the surface. Breadnut palms clustered along the edges of the sand. Their
fruits could have been turned into a bland, gluey porridge, but only unripe,
inedible specimens hung from the fronds.
“I don’ t get it,” Jujinta said. “This is just a cove.”
Kavik knew what he meant. Chaisee’ s trails had led them here, which meant this place must have factored into her plans. But the beach was
idyllic. Fish swam, crabs scuttled over the rocks. He doubted very much that outdoor relaxation was part of the Unanimity formula.
Yangchen pondered the foaming whitewater . “Maybe our hosts can tell us the significance of this location,” she shouted, loud enough to startle
both of her companions. “If they can for give us for trespassing.”
Kavik thought she was backtracking, that the island really was home to spirits, until the very human noise of footsteps came from behind a tall
flowering bush. He whirled around and drew a blade of water from the skin at his side.
A boy , around twelve or thirteen years old, stepped into view , followed by a girl of the same age. Their clothes were tattered and salt-eaten, their
cheeks sunken with hunger . They looked like the victims of a shipwreck.
“Did you know they were there the whole time?” Jujinta whispered.
“No,” Y angchen replied. “Not until after we reached the shore.”
Kavik re-formed the water into a less threatening sphere, holding it to the side with one hand while reaching out with the other . “Hey ,” he said,
risking a step forward. “W e’re not going to hurt you.”
“Don’ t,” Jujinta warned.

The girl and boy didn’ t seem to like Kavik getting closer . But their eyes were drawn to the fresh water . They licked their scabbed lips. “Are
you thirsty?” he said. “Here, we can share. Easy now .”
As he neared, he must have moved too quickly or made an unfriendly face. The girl lunged forward as fast as a viper and punched him with a
single knuckle right in his palm.
A pinpoint shock ran through Kavik’ s body , up his arm, crossing his chest, and all the way to his other hand. Numbness followed like rain
surging through a gutter . The only reason he didn’ t scream was because his lungs were caught in the path.
The water he was bending fell to the sand, his control over it gone. His shoulder drooped low enough for the skin strap to slide of f. The girl
grabbed the pouch and fled along the beach, the boy chasing after .
Kavik found the breath to howl as he twisted about, trying to regain the sensation in his arms. Y angchen grabbed him and forced him to sit. “Are
you okay?” She ran her hands over his body and came away confused. “Y ou don’t feel injured.”
To her , maybe. “What the flying fr og was that!?” The impact had dug between muscle and bone, straight into the gaps of his body . He didn’ t
know he had gaps in his body .
“I’ve never seen such a fighting technique,” Jujinta said, with way too much admiration for someone who had just downed his mission partner .
“But I told you not to get near .”
“How bad is it?” Y angchen asked Kavik. He knew what she was asking; she could try to give him more extensive first aid but at the cost of
pursuing the girl and boy .
He got to his feet. The numbness had begun to clear , but slowly . He tried extracting water from the damp sand, but only a pathetic tendril rose to
meet his ef forts. The punch had weakened his bending somehow . If the effects were permanent—
He didn’ t want to think about the possibility . “I’ll walk it of f,” he growled.

While the two children might have been trained in arcane methods of combat, they were fortunately novices when it came to evasion. They’d fled
over the beach and left tracks.
The feeling in Kavik’ s arms gradually returned as the A vatar ’s team gave chase, and so had some of his bending. “A good sign,” Y angchen said,
though from her lilt she clearly had no benchmark to compare to. She,
Kavik, and Jujinta followed the footprints around a small scarp.
On the other side was a grotto. The sand was littered with rotting breadnut cores and a lar ge bed of ashes that once held a campfire. He
suspected fresh water might have sometimes trickled down the dark grooves in the rocks above, but today there was none. The boy and girl
were survivors on their last legs.
Despite that, they were already halfway up the scarp. “Please get down from there,” Y angchen said. “Before you hurt yourself.”
The pair probably realized how vulnerable they were caught out on the cliff surface like ice geckoes. They slowly clambered back to the sand.
Kavik’ s waterskin hung over the girl’ s bony shoulder , already empty .
“We have more,” Y angchen said. “Food too. Y ou must be hungry , no?”
They didn’ t respond.
“We want to help,” Kavik said. “T ell us what happened here.”
Still nothing. Silence was the smartest play , Kavik had to admit. These kids didn’ t know who he, Y angchen, and Jujinta were, friend or foe. They
might all be standing on the beach for a while.
Yangchen reached behind her head to undo her scarf, willing to reveal herself to gain their trust. I’m the A vatar . I’m her e to help . Jujinta put his
hand on her elbow . “Wait,” he said. “Allow me to speak to them in a language they understand.”
He advanced on the children. Kavik suddenly remembered the first time they’d met, when Jujinta had casually inserted a blade into another
errand runner during what was supposed to be a friendly bout of tar get practice. “Juji, no!”
Too late. The daggers were already in his hands.
Thk-thk-thk .
The first knife buried itself into a peach-sized chunk of driftwood twenty paces away . The tar get bounced into the air from the impact, and the
second knife struck home before it landed. The third was just for show , a