Title: Preamble (Part 1)

VOICES OF THE PAST

Jetsun paced down the hallway, trying to stay ahead of the screams.

The high ceilings of the Western Air Temple tended to make echoes of

whispers and explosions of dropped teacups. Though the girl was back in

the infirmary being watched by the elders, her cries of pain sprang from

every surface, bouncing off the hard stone.

Jetsun couldn’t take it anymore and broke into a full run. Ignoring

decorum, she sped past her sisters, ruffling robes, upsetting inkpots,

prematurely ruining colorful sand paintings that were meant to be ruined

only once they were finished. No one scolded her or gave her sharp looks in

passing. They understood.

When she ran out of floor, she jumped. The upside-down construction

of the temple meant that despite its overall size, there was very little space

to stand on, nothing connecting the spires but thin air and a three-thousandfoot drop. She didn’t have her glider. Eminently dangerous, but she could

make the leap without it.

Air at her back and air against her robes gave her enough loft to land on

the next tower, the one containing the Great Library. Tsering, chief

caretaker of the books, waited in front of the tall shelves. The older

woman’s kind eyes were edged with worry. “I saw you coming. Is it

happening again?”

Jetsun nodded. “Mesose,” she said.

Tsering blew out a breath, a silent whistle of frustration. “That could be

Mesose, famous scholar of the Ru Ming era. There’s a Mesose village in Hu

Xin; it might have been named after a founder. Or it could just be someone

called Mesose, in which case we’re stuck.”

Avatars tended to run in exalted circles. Or they elevated the people

around them to fame. “It has to be the first one,” Jetsun said.

Another wail turned both their heads. The child was suffering. “Help me

and it’ll go faster,” Tsering said. “Northwest corner, start with the poetry

shelves, Ru with the three drops of water radical.”

They split up to search different sections of the ancient vault. Jetsun ran

her eyes over labels and titles as fast as she could. Not every book fit on a

shelf. Many of the tomes kept at the Western Temple were so old they were

written on bamboo slips instead of paper. She passed rolled bales of text

wider around than some of the pillars connecting the ceilings to the floors.

Five minutes later she emerged from the library’s depths, clutching a

treatise on she didn’t know exactly what. What mattered was the author’s

name.

Tsering met her by the door. “I couldn’t find any leads. You’re holding

our best shot.”

“Thank you.” Jetsun sprinted back in the direction she came, the book

tucked under her arm.

“Use your glider next time!” Tsering yelled.

Jetsun burst back into the infirmary. The huddle of elders parted to let her

through. The girl’s thrashing had settled into dry, cavernous sobs. She

pounded her fist on her pillow over and over, not the involuntary shaking of

a fever but rather the deliberate motion born of a steady, all-consuming

anguish that should have been beyond her eight years.

“We’ll leave you two alone,” Abbess Dagmola said. She and the rest of

the nuns filed out. Too many people sometimes ruined the effect. Jetsun

opened the book to a random page and began to read.

“ ‘The level of risk can be determined by elevation, nearness to the

source of water, vulnerability to rapid flows, and potential economic

damage,’ ” she said. Confused, she briefly turned the volume to look at the

cover. A Discourse on Floodplain Management.

Why in the world do we have this book? Jetsun shook her head. It didn’t

matter. “ ‘Understanding previous measures taken to mitigate the damage

from flooding is essential, for they might compile danger instead of

reducing it.’ ”

The girl took a shuddering gasp of air and relaxed. “Half a year and

that’s as far as you’ve gotten?” she said, smiling at no one. “You have to

stop taking on so many projects at once, Se-Se.”

It worked. Thank the spirits, it worked. Jetsun kept reading, plowing

through the unfamiliar concepts mechanically. “ ‘On the subject of silt

deposits . . .’ ”

The first time the child went through this, they had no clue as to what

was happening. The healers did their best to cool her fever and keep her as

comfortable as they could. As the incidents reoccurred, her babbling,

incoherent at first, started to coalesce into sentences, names, slices of

conversations. The words meant nothing to her caregivers until one day

they heard her talking to His Majesty the Earth King Zhoulai. A man she’d

never met, who’d died three centuries ago.

Thankfully, the abbess had thought to take notes. She’d written down

every intelligible scrap, and in scouring her pages she pieced together a

pattern. The names. Angilirq, Praew, Yotogawa. Names from every nation.

Names of past Avatar companions.

Not every phantom the child spoke to had made it into the annals of

history, and some that had were never acknowledged as having close ties to

an Avatar. Jetsun could only imagine the stories lost to time, filtering

through the girl, merest fragments sticking in her throat.

And the conversations were pleasant, frequently enough. She would

laugh with her friends in towns that had been renamed, provinces that no

longer existed. Jetsun had watched her leap from her bed and bellow at the

success of legendary winter hunts, sit on the floor and meditate with

someone else’s inner peace.

But occasionally she would have waking nightmares. Bouts of sorrow

and rage that threatened to tear her apart. She wouldn’t mutter names but

scream them as if she’d been betrayed by the universe itself.

By accident, they discovered she could sometimes be calmed by

figuring out the past figure she was talking to, when it was possible, and

speaking back to her from that perspective. The deeper they could dive into

the role the better, like parents reading a bedtime story, doing voices and

parts. Familiarity was the best balm they had, and they acted their hearts out

for her.

The girl nodded off by the time Jetsun reached a chapter on the proper

construction of seawalls. Tsering entered the room. No glider, Jetsun

noticed. She probably wanted to see if she could still make the jump too.

“How is she?” the librarian asked.

“Better,” Jetsun said. “Who was Mesose?”

“A companion of Avatar Gun,” Tsering said, coming over to the

bedside. “Skilled poet and engineer, who died in Ha’an when Gun failed to

hold back a tsunami.”

Jetsun found a sour taste rising in her mouth. “Failed?” Not the choice

of words she would have used for someone, Avatar or not, bravely

confronting a force of nature. Ha’an still stood today as a port when it

sounded like it could have been wiped off the map along with everyone

who’d lived there at the time.

“It’s what’s written. After Mesose drowned, Gun disappeared for quite a

while before returning to duty.”

You were grieving. If the waters that Gun fought were the same ones

that killed Mesose, then both the girl and the past life raging through her

might have personally witnessed their friend take their last breath before

plunging below the waves. They would have searched for a body in the

wreckage.

And worst of all, Jetsun thought, they would have had to struggle with

the terrible question of what if I’d done things differently? What if, what if,

what if? Perhaps Gun was the one who’d demanded the label of failure.

It was simply unjust. To remember the events of a single life was

painful enough. Reliving dozens of lives would be . . . well, it would be like

getting caught by a tsunami. Swept away by forces beyond your control.

“She’s a smart kid,” Jetsun said. “If she keeps having these visions,

she’ll figure out who she is long before she turns sixteen.”

Tsering sighed. She reached out and stroked the sleeping girl’s hair, now

matted with sweat.

“Oh, little Yangchen,” she said. “What are we going to do with you?”

THE FIRST STEP

At the age of eleven, Yangchen had known who she was for a while on an

intellectual level, and treated her Avatarhood with a child’s seriousness at

the behest of her elders. This is a very important secret, all right? Like

Tsering’ s custard recipe. Best not to talk about it until we figure a few more

things out.

The involuntary bouts of vivid memories still occurred. The ease with

which past Avatars slipped into Yangchen’s speech troubled the leaders of

the Western Temple. She would eavesdrop on their discussions about her,

air spouting herself under windowsills, hiding behind pillars.

“You know, we keep asking that question, what do we do with her?” she

heard Jetsun say one day, sharper than she usually was with her elders. “The

answer is, we’ll prevent her from hitting her head on the ground, and when

the memories are over, we’ll carry on. That’s what she needs from us, so

that’s what we’ll give her. Nothing more, nothing less.”

As if Yangchen needed another reason to worship her older sister. Jetsun

wasn’t related to her by blood, or maybe she was in the manner of fourth or

fifth cousins, but it definitely didn’t matter. The girl who cut up fruit in a

stupid way but at least gave you the symmetrical pieces was your sister. The

girl who showed you no mercy on the airball court and laughed in your face

as she kept you scoreless was your sister. Jetsun was either the person who

would listen to Yangchen cry with utmost patience, or the one who’d upset

her in the first place.

So it made perfect sense that Jetsun would guide her through her first

attempt at meditating into the Spirit World. A guide was an anchor as much

as a pathfinder, a calling voice in the darkness. “Don’t have so many

expectations,” Jetsun told a Yangchen buzzing with excitement. “Not

everyone has the ability to cross between realms. You won’t be less or more

of an Avatar, or an Air Nomad, or a person, if it doesn’t happen.”

“Pfft. If you did it, I can do it.” If you did it, I need to do it. To become

more like you.

The older nun rolled her eyes and flicked Yangchen on the forehead

where her arrow point would eventually be.

They went topside to the meadows above the cliffs of the Western Air

Temple. There was no need to travel all the way to the Eastern Temple, the

jumping-off point for many spiritual journeys, when they could try closer to

home first. Besides, Jetsun scoffed, the extra sanctity of the Eastern Temple

was more reputation and less proven truth.

In the grass was a meditation circle, a stone slab floor laid level in the

earth. Five columns of rock jutted out around the circle, unevenly spaced.

They looked like fingers and a thumb, the triple Air Nomad whorls at their

tips the prints. Yangchen knew about this place but had always avoided it.

“It feels like a giant is about to grab me.”

“Or let you go,” Jetsun said. “A hand either opens or closes. But it can’t

do either of those twice in a row.”

Yangchen never knew how Jetsun managed to be so blunt and cryptic at

the same time. The two of them sat in the giant’s palm, facing each other.

They weren’t alone. Abbess Dagmola and Librarian Tsering had come

along and relegated themselves to assistants, setting up incense, a windhorn.

The abbess herself was going to ring the meditation bell. There was no

hesitance by the two much older women in deferring to Jetsun as guide.

The session began. The smoldering incense was sharp and earthy, like

tree resin. Yangchen could feel the overtones of the horn through her stone

seat. She lost count of the bell strikes that both marked time and pointed out

its meaninglessness.

She suddenly saw a bright glow through her closed eyes, as if she’d

been laboring under clouds the whole time. When she opened them, the

light was intense but not blinding. Colors were brighter, as if the elements

themselves had been ground in a mortar and then repainted on the backing

of the world. Red flowers in the meadow glowed like embers, green veins

pulsed through canopying leaves the size of house roofs, and the sky was

bluer than a cake of solid indigo dye.

Yangchen had performed a feat of Avatarhood. It had not happened to

her involuntarily, it had not struck her down like thunder between her

temples, it had not racked painfully through her limbs to damage the

landscape. She’d done it. She’d done it.

Her victory. And best of all, her favorite person in the world was right

there beside her to share the moment. “Huh,” Jetsun said, in one of her

classic understatements. “First try.”

Yangchen wanted to laugh and leap a mile into the air. But she would

maintain a cool head, just like her guide. “Maybe I only remembered how.”

“Humility isn’t more important than the truth. I think you pulled this off

yourself.”

She thought her heart would burst. Over the hills of the Spirit World, a

pod of great winged whales, translucent and jellylike, slowly floated

through the sky. Nearby, a bouncing mushroom released a cloud of spores,

which turned into twinkling fireflies.

She was struck by a question. “What do we do now?”

“That’s the beauty of it,” Jetsun said. “We don’t do anything. There is

no use to the Spirit World, and therein lies the great lesson. Here, you don’t

take. You don’t anticipate or plan; you don’t struggle. You don’t worry

about value gained and lost. You just exist. Like a spirit.”

A pout of disappointment crossed Yangchen’s lips. “Do we have to exist

in this one spot only? Can we at least explore?”

Jetsun grinned down at her. “Yes. Yes, we can.”

Yangchen took her sister’s hand and decided there was a chance she

might like being the Avatar.

VOICES OF THE PRESENT

Middlers often had difficulty understanding how quickly one place’s

fortunes could rise at the expense of another’s. In the continuing wake of

the Platinum Affair, many of the new arrivals to Bin-Er seemed caught off

guard by the city’s explosive growth even though they were part of it

themselves, swept along by change.

Kavik, on the other hand, knew vital locations could shift great

distances without warning. Herds moved like water. Schools of fish moved

like water. People did too, when their livelihoods depended on it.

And the flow wasn’t always peaceful. Currents of human beings could

rush too fast into a single pool without an escape, smashing chunks of ice

and flotsam to bits. If your boat ever got caught in such a vortex, the key to

survival was figuring out how long you had until you suffered the same

fate.

Kavik wasn’t sure how much time Bin-Er had left as a whole. But as for

himself, right now, he was thinking there were maybe ten, twenty minutes

before things got ugly. Out-of-control ugly. He’d been trying to cross the

square in the international district when a large crowd, buzzing with

hostility, blocked his way. The heavy winter clothing everyone wore to

survive along the northern edge of the Earth Kingdom continent made it

difficult to squeeze through the cracks.

Usually Kavik was on top of these kinds of disruptions. “What’s going

on?” he asked the people nearby.

“We finally pinned Shang Teiin down,” a large man said while peering

over the top of the crowd. “He had to leave the walls of his estate at some

point. Either he listens to us here and now, or he gets to spend the night

holed up in Gidu Shrine.”

Kavik swallowed his alarm. “And . . . how did you do that exactly?

Teiin’s normally hard to find, isn’t he?”

“We pooled our money together and paid for an errand runner to copy

the shrine’s schedule of private reservations,” the man said, grinning with

satisfaction. “Gotta use the enemy’s methods against him. And wouldn’t

you know it? Tonight is the anniversary of Teiin’s grandfather’s death.”

This wasn’t going to end well. Teiin was no talk, all stick. The idea that

the powerful shang would interrupt his ancestral rituals, appear on the steps

of the Gidu Shrine, and benevolently acknowledge his employees’

grievances was misguided at best and dangerous at worst.

He needed to get out of here. “Give that old goat-dog the business,”

Kavik said. He turned to leave.

A heavy hand landed on his shoulder and spun him back around. “Stay

with us, brother,” said the man, staring at him intently. “If the shangs don’t

get an earful now and then, they’ll pretend we don’t exist. Every voice

counts.”

Newcomers just had to be difficult, didn’t they? He was asking Kavik to

take a firmer stance. And a boy asking questions could have been in the

pocket of Teiin or another shang, a spy sent to monitor the crowd. He gave

Kavik a jostle, equal parts fraternal and threatening.

“Sorry, but I have to place an order at the apothecary’s,” Kavik said. He

had his own tasks ahead of him and didn’t want to make any new friends.

“At this time of day?” The grip on him tightened.

“I know it’s late,” Kavik said quickly. “But Uncle Ping takes his time

closing and always lets me get a request in before he goes home.”

He watched the story work its way through the man’s head. Perhaps

he’d overdone it with the details. But the delay alone was enough. “There

he is! There’s Teiin!” came a shout. When the man turned to look, Kavik

slipped out of his grasp and into the crowd.

He fought his way through the moving mass, swimming parallel to the

riptide, and spared a glance at the shrine. The stone steps of Gidu rose

fifteen feet into the air and culminated in a double-roofed hall where the

wealthy could pay their respects to their ancestors and leave offerings for

the spirits. Shang Teiin, a slight but hale man of sixty, had emerged atop the

sacred little island and sneered with distaste down at the people boxing him

in.

“Cheat! Fraud!”

“Pay us what you owe us!”

The angry cries seemed to bother Teiin about as much as falling leaves.

He took a deep breath through his nose, and Kavik’s heart began racing.

That wasn’t the face of a man ambushed. That was the expression of a man

going on the attack.

The shang signaled with his fingers and a squad of men poured out of

the shrine behind him. Hired toughs, headkickers, lying in wait. Whether

through bribes, betrayals, or hiring spies of his own, Teiin had caught wind

of the demonstration and prepared his countermoves in advance.

The paid muscle descended the steps and slammed into the front ranks

of the crowd. The screaming started, and Kavik pulled his hood down as

low as it could go. He ducked under elbows and spun on the balls of his feet

and shoved people from behind when he had to, until he reached the edge of

the square.

He tried to avoid looking back. The fighting would only get so bad. Yes,

there would be fists thrown, and he assumed Teiin’s goons probably had

saps and coshes hidden up their sleeves, but that would be the extent of it.

Any bending would be just for bruises. No one in Bin-Er, shang or

otherwise, wanted to bring Earth Kingdom law into the city by committing

a capital offense.

The whole incident had nothing to do with him. Never mind that Kavik

was the errand runner who’d broken into Gidu Shrine a week ago to copy

the reservation list in the first place. If he hadn’t taken the job, it would

have gone to someone else.

It’ll be all right, he told himself over the chorus of violence behind him.

Only two blocks away from the square, there was peace. No disturbances,

no signs of fighting. Just the muffled quiet of the day winding down. In

Bin-Er, a short walk could land you in another realm entirely.

Kavik passed men and women filing out of shipping offices into the

street. They looked neither to the right nor the left at the empty stands that

served only midday meals, the closed shops providing paper and brushes

sold by the bale, the auction houses where the prices of cloth and porcelain

across the Four Nations were decided. Only straight ahead, to their beds.

They’d learn about the scuffle in the square, and then they’d simply go

around it. The same way you’d take a different route to avoid an overturned

wagon. An inconvenient ruckus, to be certain. One that happened more

frequently these days in Bin-Er, but that was the cost of doing business, no?

Kavik turned off the main street into an alleyway. He hadn’t known who

the buyer of the shrine information was going to be. That was the whole

point of using a broker like Qiu, to keep both sides of a deal anonymous.

Kavik had assumed it was simply another shang who wanted an edge over

their rival, the way most of the business for errand runners in Bin-Er was

generated.

He reached the house he was going to break into.

The Blue Manse sat at the very edge of shang territory. Beyond it was

nothing but a vast open field, bisected by the border of the Earth Kingdom

proper. He could see the lantern glow of the guard stations in the distance.

The agents of the Earth King were supposedly on high alert across the

continent after His Majesty’s most recent rampage in Ba Sing Se. Qiu

claimed the walls of the Upper Ring were painted with all the highborn

traitors and spies purged from court in this latest round. Not with their

blood, but the people themselves. They managed to throw enough

conspirators up on the walls to get nice, even coverage.

For a broker who needed to deal in quality information, Qiu believed

the dumbest stories. But still, Kavik knew it was bad for your health to get

embroiled in a national fray. His work lay completely on the shang side, and

for that he was grateful.

He took cover behind a landscaping shed that was probably used for one

month out of the entire year. When it was clear, he sprinted across the open

ground and pressed himself against the correct wall. It gave off a chill he

could feel on his exposed face. Unlike its brick-and-board neighbors, the

Blue Manse was made entirely of ice.

Kavik wriggled his nose, trying to brush off the itch of many different

annoyances at once. The Blue Manse was some-one’s idea of a grand polar

residence, but it failed to mimic Agna Qel’a’s architectural traditions. The

fancy guest house was too square, too chunky, built without consideration

of the natural movements of melt and snowpack. He knew it required the

regular employ of Waterbenders to reshape and refreeze the walls.

Sorry, friends, Kavik thought. At least I’m giving you more work.

He shed his parka, folded it neatly, and placed it in a shadow so it would

stay dry. Braced by cold and regret, he made a gesture that resembled a

swimmer’s plunge, melting an alcove into the corner of the building. Kavik

stepped inside.

A coffin of ice glittered around him. He was a strange bird squeezed

inside a strange eggshell. He couldn’t afford to make the chamber any

larger or else he’d hatch prematurely into the hallways.

Now came the hard part. With small bending motions, he transformed

the ice above his head to water and carefully—carefully—coaxed it to run

down the surface in front of him. Before the drip soaked his feet, he pressed

himself upward using the walls to the left and right. Once his legs were in

an elevated straddle, he froze the pool underneath him into a solid floor

again.

Six inches. The complex series of steps that had taken him weeks of

practice had elevated him by about six inches. Now he had to do it over and

over again until he reached the third floor.

An observer might have wondered why he didn’t go faster at the

expense of getting wet. An observer could shut their trap and go back to the

middle of the world, where it was soft and warm. As it stood, if Kavik

remained perfectly dry, he had about thirty minutes before death from the

cold set in. If freezing water got on him, he might be incapacitated in less

than five.

He painstakingly lifted himself higher through the corner of the

building, closing the tunnel behind him. Maybe a better Waterbender,

Kalyaan the Great for example, could have flowed through solid ice

unimpeded. Kavik the Lesser had to squiggle his way through and was

going to need healing for frostbitten hands once he was done.

The walls of the Blue Manse were intentionally opaque for privacy. But

they weren’t perfect cover. While the corners offered the thickest ice for

hiding in, someone passing close by might notice his presence. He could

hear voices congregated toward the center of the ground floor, some kind of

large gathering Qiu said would serve as a distraction.

It worked well enough. No one wandered over to his corner, and Kavik

ascended through the first story without any problems. He paused for

breath, crouching in the thick layer of ice that made up the first ceiling and

the second floor, and thinned a portion of the ice to peek at the next stage.

There were people in the outer hallways this time. With the darkness of

night behind him, and the light of oil lamps inside, he had a slight vision

advantage. He could see about four or five blurs standing completely still,

not talking. Were they waiting in line for something?

Suddenly a pair split off, tromping in sync down the hall, neither

outpacing the other. Kavik would have banged his head against his tiny

chamber had he not been afraid of breaking through it. Those weren’t idle

guests. Those were patrols.

Qiu, you bleeding hog-monkey. Kavik had been told the job was a light

grab from a visiting bureaucrat, and there wouldn’t be any formal security.

Now he was stuck between sky and earth, freezing his tailbone off, inches

away from real soldiers and not goons for pay like Teiin’s.

He had to wait until they were gone before he could move. And he had

to pick a direction. Up, and take the biggest risk he ever had as a runner.

Down, and lose the lead he’d been working on for months.

Kavik was forced to burn more of his body’s time limit just sitting there,

counting off the guard rotations for a window to move. His teeth began to

chatter. Hard. When the next pair leaves. Not this pair. The next one.

As soon as their backs turned, he resumed his climb. By his best guess,

he now had to move twice as fast as he was prepared to.

Cold trickles ran down the back of his neck. Sweat would have been

bad enough, but this was runoff from the ice above. The freezing water

made him want to scream. He had no choice but to endure it. The guards

would be on their return leg now, and he was only a third of the way up.

He hurried and got wetter for his troubles. To make things worse, the

glow of a hand lamp rounded the bend, someone he hadn’t accounted for. A

servant fetching a drink or a snack.

The thought of being nabbed for such a stupid reason was too much to

bear. Kavik scrabbled upward, throwing caution to the wind in the exact

manner he promised himself he wouldn’t. By the time the lamp holder

passed beneath him, he was tucked away inside the ice between the second

and third floor, his knees pressed to his chin, drenched.

He might as well have plunged head-first into a turtle-seal’s breathing

hole. There wasn’t enough space to dry himself with full-armed

waterbending. In less than a minute, his muscles would stop moving, and

then any sort of death would be free to take him. Proper freezing,

suffocation. The floor under him could give out and he’d fall three stories.

He needed to get warm and dry immediately, and the nearest place he

could was the room he was trying to break into. There was no other choice.

If the occupants were still inside, he’d throw himself upon their mercy

because the cold didn’t give a lick.

With a burst of desperation, Kavik brought his hands up and melted a

small portal. He squirmed through and flopped onto the third floor like a

landed fish, gasping for breath.

The first thing he did was whip the water off himself like it was a cloud

of mosquito-leeches. He spotted a large oil lamp across the room and

pushed himself over to it with his heels, hoping he could get close enough

before he blacked out. Kavik had no other concern but the heat. At this

point, if he got caught, he got caught.

But in the first bit of luck he’d had all night, no one interrupted his

crawl for survival. The room was empty. Fate allowed the giant soapstone

lamp to do its work, and blood slowly returned to Kavik’s extremities. Once

he had the strength to raise his head, he looked around.

He was in the poshest quarters of the Blue Manse, that much was

obvious. Rich wooden furniture harvested and shaped from continental

trees. Walls insulated with foreign wool rugs. Decorative plants that surely

would have perished the instant they left the sanctuary of this floor. No furs

though, strangely enough. Not a single scrap, when desirable hides and

skins were one of the staple commodities of Bin-Er.

A desk topped with a giant slab of polished obsidian drew his eye. It

held a messy pile of books and scrolls, stacks of correspondence. That was

what Qiu had sent him for. Information. More valuable than gold in Bin-Er,

if it came from the right people, and the magnificence of the room indicated

the occupant was definitely the right sort of people.

Kavik got up and wobbled over to the desk, planting a hand on it for

support. His orders were to make his way into this room and memorize

anything that looked important, but his brain was barely working, and there

was so much potential treasure here. The right document could be worth a

hundred times its neighbors.

Might as well start with the ones being used. A large scroll had been

spread out, its corners weighed down by books. A building plan of some

sort. He couldn’t read the notes so he carefully removed the weights, noting

how they lay so he could replace them, and held the paper up to the light.

The door opened. He lowered the scroll. A girl, about sixteen or

seventeen like him, walked in with her eyes closed.

She wore several layers of orange and yellow robes and a damp towel

hung around her shoulders. She flapped her hand at her face and the motion