Title: part of the group. Free will wasn’ t the reason they’d all come together either; Akuudan and T ayagum would have preferred their peaceful (Part 3)

big rude gesture to the governing laws of the cosmos. The block of wood landed neatly on the new tripod that kept it elevated of f the sand.
Jujinta had juggled an object from afar , using only the points of his blades. “See that?” he said to the stunned children while their mouths still
hung open. “Most people don’ t know what it takes to pull of f a feat like that.”
The girl and boy eyed Jujinta nervously . His trick, meant to disarm,
could have been interpreted as a threat not to run. “But every remarkable talent represents dozens of people who couldn’ t make the cut,” Jujinta said.
“You sharpen a sword but discard the grindstones. I know because I grew up on an island just like this one. I know what goes on in these sorts of
places. I could tell right away that we three are cut from the same cloth.”
In the span of his speech, he’d managed to get close to them without suffering a paralyzing jab. “Now .” Jujinta clapped them both on the
shoulder . “I could behave like the people who ran this camp and promise we’ll only take one of you to safety , whoever proves more useful to us, and
leave the other to rot. I’m sure you’re used to such competitions.”
Yangchen started forward in protest. “I won’ t, though,” Jujinta said.
“We’re going to rescue you both. And once we do, neither of you will have to answer for the horrible deeds I know you’ve committed to survive.”
The boy and girl began to shake. “W e’ll pretend none of this ever happened,” Jujinta said into their ears, as gently as if he were crooning them
to sleep. “Y ou just need to answer my friends’ questions. And then all will be for given.”
The kids broke down sobbing. “Merciful spirits, Juji,” Kavik muttered under his breath. That had to be one of the cruelest displays of manipulation
he’d ever seen.
Jujinta turned around to face Kavik and Y angchen. “Ask away ,” he said. “Y ou two are better at talking.”
The girl’ s name was Hsien and the boy was Raitei. They hailed from different villages along the Natsuo Island chain, where national boundaries
were blurry and work was hard to come by . They’d answered the call of a visiting unmarked ship recruiting men and women across the archipelago.

Age and fitness didn’ t matter , only the willingness to make sacrifices for their families. The voyage would be made entirely down belowdecks.
Benders like Raitei stood to earn extra.
“We must sound like rubes,” he said, sullen.
“On the contrary ,” Yangchen said gently . “We understand completely .
You didn’ t have much of a choice.”
Once they arrived at this unknown island, they’d been separated into groups. Those who couldn’ t bend, like Hsien, were forced to train their
bodies until they broke. “W e practiced our striking on each other ,” she said.
“After you punched me back there, I couldn’ t bend,” Kavik said.
“They taught you how to do that through sheer trial and error?”
“You held your hand out and stood still,” Hsien said. “I don’ t think I
could have hit you if you were moving.”
A pattern emer ged in her story of the recruits being separated into multiple little divisions, like a plot of farmland dedicated to dif ferent crops.
The few Earthbenders present had been marched deeper into the volcanic interior of the island for some unknown purpose. They never returned. A
randomly selected group was assigned to practice “herbalism” on the leeward side of the island where strange flowers and bushes grew . They
never returned.
The non-benders of Hsien’ s group who couldn’ t keep up physically were taken away , one by one. Admitting you were injured was a mistake
they quickly learned to avoid, but one you could induce in others. “W e hit each other harder and harder ,” she whispered, wiping her eyes. “Anything
to avoid ranking last. They told us the washouts got sent home with less pay. We didn’ t question it—W e couldn’ t—”
“We understand.” This time Jujinta, speaking with enough conviction for the three of them. Y angchen and Kavik hid their winces.
“It was all for nothing,” Raitei muttered. “Several months ago, the camp runners up and left. New recruits stopped arriving. So did the supply
boats.”
That roughly coincided with Henshe’ s debacle in Bin-Er . Chaisee might have decided to cut ties in case the island was discovered and a trail
led back to her . “There were only two dozen of us remaining by then,”
Raitei said. “Once it was clear we were on our own, the adults scavenged a couple of rotting longboats and tried to flee.”

“We wanted to go with them, but they wouldn’ t let us,” Hsien said.
“Not enough space.”
Sweet spirits , Kavik thought. “They would have come back for you,
right?”
Raitei was too young to give him such a condescending look. “It didn’ t seem to be their biggest concern,” he said sarcastically . “Serves them right
though; a storm struck that very night. W e’re probably the only two survivors.”
The brutality of this place had infected the residents. A special strain of fever Chaisee had exhumed from the soil. “What group were you in?”
Yangchen asked Raitei. “How did they train you?”
“I was part of the Firebending group.” He looked around at his audience with golden eyes and got up from the sand. “As for our training,
maybe it’ s better if I show you.”
He led them back around the promontory to the section of the beach they’d first arrived at, the tiny slice of paradise with its clean sands and blue
waters. Raitei beckoned Y angchen closer , having long since made her as the leader , and whispered.
Whatever he said made her turn pale. She broke into a run toward the water and before Kavik or Jujinta could advise caution was already
splashing up to her waist. W ith a powerful leap she dove in the rest of the way and disappeared under the surface.
Her body became a distant blur , as swift as a silverskim, and then he lost sight of her . Before he had the chance to fear for her safety , a flash of
light rippled through the water , as brief and bright as the fireflies Y angchen had once shown him in the Northern Air T emple. The wind picked up at his
back, and he recognized the movement of air as suction, the rush to fill a void. Space began to open in the sea.
Kavik had seen the A vatar cut open waves before, but she’d done it from the shore with bursts of angry airbending, the way a normal person
skipped stones across a pond. This time she’d let herself be swallowed by the beast before exploding it from within. A tidal roar rose in his ears.
The gap in the ocean widened enough for him to spot Y angchen pushing apart walls of water , the workpiece initially resisting but then
conquering the jaws of the vise. The seafloor unveiled. Coral reef became walkable hedgerow .

“Are all W aterbenders that powerful?” Hsien murmured.
Even more remarkable than creating the field of dry land was the minimal motion Y angchen needed to maintain it. Stay, the hand behind her
said to the entire ocean, though the surface was twice her height. W ith the other , she knelt and picked a dark object of f the sandy floor . Kavik thought
it was a strand of long kelp until the links fell into place, dangling from her grip.
A chain. Y angchen pulled until it held, one end anchored into the rock.
The other end terminated in a loop. A cuf f.
Kavik searched over the exposed sand and saw the regularity he’d missed before, the work of human beings. A grid of iron points like the one
Yangchen knelt over , bolted into the shore, evenly spaced. T en by ten.
“They had us firebend underwater ,” Raitei explained. “Not to produce flame; that would have been impossible. The point was to fight against the
surrounding pressure and exert as much force and will as you could in a single burst.”
Like an explosion . “The chains,” Kavik said.
Raitei stared blankly over the horizon. “The initial breakthrough only comes if you really , truly believe you’re going to die.”
Yangchen walked back to the group. The sea closed behind her neatly , as if the elements were afraid of making a mess in her presence. Her face was
murderous.
She strode right up to Raitei. His knees buckled. “I don’ t know any more!” he said, afraid of the titan that had come from the sea. “This was
just the first step. There’ s more to it, but I never got that far .”
“Then who did?” Y angchen demanded. “How many?”
Raitei wiped his mouth like a pickpocket under interrogation by the law. “Only three of the surviving recruits were chosen to keep going. I
guess you had to have big lungs or something. They were all huge.”
Kavik described Thapa, Xiaoyun, and Y ingsu to him. “Y es,” Raitei said, nodding. “That’ s them. The camp handlers took them away on a ship,
a proper ship, long before the rest of us were abandoned. I still remember

the guy with the long ears grinning at us and waving farewell. Smug ratpig.”
“No one else?” Kavik asked.
A glint of resentment in Raitei’s eyes, born of rejection. “No one else.”

Information made for strange coin. Raitei had flipped them

the key to

their bindings, changed their understanding of the world. Knowing where

Unanimity ended meant they could finally break free of their standoff with

Chaisee.

Only Thapa remained. The last tile they needed to complete their hand.
They could

win
.
“Let’s get off this spirits-forsaken rock,” Yangchen said.

As she led Hsien and Raitei away, she tossed Kavik a small dark object

that he’d missed her picking up from the seabed. He turned it over, thinking

it a normal rock until he saw the lips of the black shell clamped shut.
A night abalone.

THE PRICE
“You came here on a flying bison?” Raitei asked.
He was more suspicious than Hsien, who’d been immediately entranced by Nujian and was already petting the soft fur on the top of his
nose. “Befriend an Air Nomad and their companion, and sometimes you can borrow one,” Y angchen said. T echnically the truth.
They climbed aboard and took of f. The island couldn’ t recede into the distance fast enough. Soon Hsien and Raitei, both exhausted, fell asleep in
the back of the saddle.
Yangchen watched them slumber . “She was developing weapons,” she murmured. “Chaisee was making tools through mass-production, a numbers
game where she discarded the failures. Unanimity was just her biggest success.”
The A vatar looked up, eyes blazing. “She needs to pay for this. She doesn’ t get to walk away clean. She doesn’ t get to see her plans fulfilled.”
“What will we do with the children?” Jujinta asked.
“Find their families, if they have any .” Yangchen flicked her head to the side. “But that’ s not perfectly safe, is it? Chaisee might come back for
them. Especially Raitei. Even if he never mastered the full technique, he’ll be the last, closest person in the world to Unanimity once we neutralize
Thapa.”
“He’d become worth his weight in platinum several times over ,”
Jujinta said.
Yangchen sighed wearily , and Kavik remembered she needed sleep too. “The smartest move would be to hide them until the heat dies down,”
she muttered. The irony seemed to weigh on her heavily . That was exactly what A yunerak had done with Kavik. That was also what Y angchen had
done with the Firebenders, to disastrous ends.

Kavik wondered how Hsien and Raitei might handle being sequestered from the world yet again. Y angchen had mentioned that Thapa enjoyed his
isolation in the mountains well enough, while Zongdu Henshe considered the same furnishings outrageous, a crime against his person. Kavik gripped
the saddle rail and looked toward the island, diminished to invisibility . He supposed it was all a matter of perspective.
They couldn’ t land in T aku, especially not with their new passengers.
Yangchen guided Nujian to an empty road on the outskirts. One end led to the heart of the city , and the other to a small town where hopefully an inn or
some other lodgings could be found.
Nujian took cover behind a green knoll for his landing. Once his paws touched the grass, Y angchen helped everyone disembark. Raitei crawled to
the top of the small hill and looked around, surveilling the area in case anyone had spotted them. Smart kid , Kavik thought.
“We’re going to help you,” Y angchen said to Hsien with firm pats on the girl’ s shoulders. “It’ s going to take a while, but we’re going to make
things as right as we can. I know we haven’ t told you much about ourselves,
but I promise we’re on your side.”
“Answer me one question,” Raitei said. The road must have been clear ,
because he stood up tall, backed by the sunset. “Are you going to take down the people who ran the camp? Are you really going to bust Chaisee?”
Yangchen took her headscarf of f and shook her hair out. She was the
Avatar , an avenger revealed in full, and a strong pride shone in her eyes. “I
swear on the spirits that we’re going to bring her to justice. By the time we’re done, she won’ t have a square inch of dirt to her name.”
Raitei nodded. The light caught his face, and his expression made
Kavik realize many things at once, multiple insights cramming their way through the crowded door of his mind, speeding his thoughts but slowing
his body .
They were all at fault, him, Y angchen, and Jujinta. They’d made a complete hash of their operational security on the return trip and spoken
their secrets out loud. Raitei had been feigning sleep the whole time; Kavik had never been surer of anything in his life. Raitei had heard every word.

Kavik started a scream, the limited space in his throat preventing him from forming a better warning. What was it Akuudan had said once?
Yangchen was too trusting. She’d assumed Raitei had asked about Chaisee out of a need to see his torturer punished.
Instead, he’d been confirming whether Y angchen planned to ruin his golden opportunity . Raitei was an immensely valuable asset, they’d so
carelessly revealed, but only to the right people, the ones who’d brought him to the island and made him suf fer in the first place.
Enough money could heal any wound. The boy inhaled sharply through his nose and his stomach caved in on itself.
Kavik dove at Y angchen, meaning to tackle her and Hsien to the ground. He hadn’ t made it a single step before knowing he’d doomed her ,
pulling her attention toward himself when she should have been paying it to the threat. Had it been Thapa or even Kalyaan standing on the hill, she
would have reacted like lightning. But this was a child she’d saved, and her guard was no more raised against him than it would have been with one of
her patients in the hospital. Jujinta caught on to the situation, but as fast a draw as he was, he wouldn’ t be fast enough.
The A vatar wasn’ t out of companions though.
Nujian rammed into Raitei, throwing his shaggy mass between his
Airbender and the danger . Kavik heard the pop-pop drumbeat of the
Unanimity technique, but there was no explosion that followed, no fire,
only a muf fled whump . Nujian’ s long, woolly curls fluttered as if taken by a breeze.
And then suddenly more bursts, rapid, too many . A shriek that could have been Raitei or Y angchen or even Jujinta. Kavik collided with the
Avatar and they fell to the grass, dragging Hsien with them.
Kavik immediately leaped of f Yangchen and scrambled around to the other side of Nujian. Raitei lay faceup, his lifeless eyes exposed to the sky .
A single, small wound in the middle of his forehead, no bigger than the punch mark of an awl, trickled blood over his skin, as if the pressure of his
technique had failed to project past his skull and sought a channel of escape.
Nujian groaned. His forelegs dropped to their knees, then his rear legs,
and finally his middle, a felled forest. The great beast shuddered, closed his eyes, and was still.

“Nujian!”

Yangchen slid on her knees to her bison’s flank, glowing

water already in her hands, but there was no visible burn mark, no wound to

attack. Yangchen frantically moved

the healing water around Nujian’s bulk,
looking more and more with each passing moment like a mason trying to

repair a dam in the middle of bursting. Nujian’s rumble, the huff of air

through his nose that had always been present in the background, was silent. There was no task to be done, no feat to perform. He was gone.

The water slipped through Yangchen’s fingers. She gasped, searching

for air to breathe, and when she found it, she cried softly, the quietest noise

Kavik had ever heard her make. He slumped to the ground in shock while

the Avatar buried her face in Nujian’s fur and wept.

AFTERSHOCKS
Kavik began his tail-slip route at the A vatar ’s mansion. He left at a morning hour that was neither notably early or late and joined the growing crowd of
Taku residents on their way to work.
Where Bin-Er was concerned primarily with raw goods, T aku seemed to traf fic in refined, crafted items produced at the sharp end of a master ’s
chisel or distilled to essence in crucibles, the results of concentrated heat and ef fort and tooling. Medicines and oils, three dif ferent cures for every
ailment, paper matched to only one kind of ink—who knew what manner of disaster would occur if the fibers touched the wrong color—woven
garments for degrees of weather between perfect and too perfect.
After twisting and turning and a quick change to the way his hair was tied, Kavik entered a dumpling house that catered to elderly folks who had
time to spend the morning sipping tea and reading bulletins. He didn’ t understand why the most popular dish seemed to be plain wrappers without
filling, rolled into little cylinders and barely touched with black bean sauce.
Perhaps the citizens’ tastes were so enlightened that flavor was an unnecessary distraction from true eating.
He slid into a booth already occupied by two people. By sitting on the same side as Do, opposite A yunerak, the three of them could somewhat
pretend to be a family , two younger , very distant cousins come to pay respects to their matriarch.
The Executor of the White Lotus had made it in person. Sneaking into
Taku was less arduous than climbing the T aihua Mountains for someone her age, but A yunerak’ s presence also marked the fact that they were running
low on time. The boss tended to show up once your back was against the wall.
“You should order some food,” A yunerak said to him. “W e do have an expense budget, limited as it may be.”

“I’m not hungry .” Kavik hadn’ t eaten much since they lost Nujian, had avoided certain foods. He wanted to mourn in the limited way he could
under the circumstances.
But the demands of the world hadn’ t ceased. A yunerak lifted her teacup, and the breath of her nose blew away the steam. “Then report.”
He thought he might have trouble recounting events. Surely the thorns would stick in his craw and cut him on the way out. But facts poured out of
him swiftly , each one as distant and manageable as a number in a ledger .
Speaking like a historian far removed lessened the ache. It helped that
Yangchen already knew he would share information with the White Lotus.
Some baseline level of disloyalty was expected.
The one part he left out was Hsien. The girl had been glad for the chance to leave her life behind and stay at the W estern Air T emple for a
while, maybe indefinitely . Kavik wanted to give her respite from being treated like an asset, and there was little risk in letting her roam free without
the White Lotus’ s knowledge. It was unlikely that the strategic balance of the Four Nations would ever be swayed by hand-to-hand combat.
Once he’d finished, there was a pause. Which way would his audience land? Kavik wondered. Show a scrap of humanity at no cost, or get right
down to business?
“You …” Do rubbed his temples. “Y ou lost the last Unanimity
Firebender . You discovered a priceless new asset, one that could have changed the entire game, and you lost it in the same day . You bleeding little
twerps dropped the one ball you could not af ford to drop.”
Maybe Kavik’ s expectations had been too high. For all Raitei’ s sins, he was a person, with his own needs and decisions. Had they considered him
as such a little bit more, they might have been able to prevent his and
Nujian’ s deaths. “A child is dead, you scum-sucking tick. He’ s not an it.”
Ayunerak lifted her fingers, as if she could order a truce from a nearby waiter . Kavik had to assume this location was secure since the White Lotus
had chosen it. “The boy’ s circumstances are tragic, to be certain. But had you managed to keep him alive and turn him to our side, we would have
had more options. W e could have helped develop this child’ s skills in a safe manner .”
They had just listened to Kavik explain at length how the development of said skills relied on cold-blooded torture. He smacked the table with his

palms. “Do you care at all about stopping Unanimity? Or do you just want to own it?” The White Lotus seemed flat-out envious of Chaisee.
“Both,” A yunerak said. “I know you don’ t like it, but such is the reality of the world. The best outcome we can hope for is that this ordeal ends with
a neutral party firmly in control. And for good or bad, there isn’ t a more unbiased and experienced set of leaders than the White Lotus.”
Kavik didn’ t bother to hide his snort. He might have been a full inductee, but he didn’ t owe his employers a sycophant’ s devotion.
They had Do for that. “Y ou think the A vatar ’s a better choice,” the older man said. “Y ou’re not that hard to read. Y ou think everything would
be free and easy with the A vatar holding the reins.”
Kavik expected him to speak ill of Y angchen like he’d done in the mountains and was already thinking about which liquids to spite him with.
Or maybe he could just coldcock him in the jaw over the table.
But Do’ s tack changed unexpectedly . “You can’ t put that much on a single person,” he said in a voice approximating gentleness. “A single
person breaks. A single person suf fers the loss of a dear companion and becomes distraught. A lone human being can never be truly rational or
detached.”
How reasonable his explanation of the A vatar ’s shortcomings. “The great advantage of the White Lotus is that it has no form or shape or
outward appearance,” he said. “The A vatar has to act in accordance with her form, which limits her options. Y ou think your faith isn’ t a burden on her?”
Kavik thought of the adoring crowds, the nagging village headman.
Mingyur on the stretcher , needing healing. He’d sprung Jujinta on
Yangchen without her approval. And if he tried to consider how his own continued presence weighed on her …
In a twisted way , was the White Lotus the only group of people in the world trying to make Y angchen’ s job easier? He wasn’ t sure. He wasn’ t
sure of anything these days.
“Our own ef forts to find Thapa aren’ t bearing fruit,” Do said. He made a little credit-seeking gesture with his shoulders. See? I can admit we’r e not
perfect . “Locating him may come down to you and the A vatar , but apprehending him is our task alone. So is custody .”
“What about Feishan? Are we going to just let him wander the streets playing investigator? He’ s one of Chaisee’ s possible tar gets.”

“She made him before we did,” A yunerak said, frowning. Another slipup by the home team. “She’ s had plenty of time to do him harm but
opted not to, which means she’ s content to exploit his presence until the right moment. T o her , he’s the perfect means to hamper our operations.”
That would explain why Kalyaan gave away the Earth King’ s identity for free. W eaponizing the threat of a mutual loss only worked if both sides
were aware of the possibility . “Chaisee is not Henshe,” A yunerak said. “She won’ t be careless with her assets. She knows she realistically has one shot
left at causing maximum destruction, especially now that Thapa’ s the only member of Unanimity remaining.”
The end of the convocation, when the Fire Lord and W ater T ribe Chief arrived in an of ficial capacity . Presumably Feishan would have to throw his
costume away and don the mantle of Earth King again, at which point the highest value tar gets within the Four Nations would be publicly assembled.
Every single player at the table was watching the same hour glass run out of sand. It drove Kavik mad that they could wait. He wanted to break
cups, hurl a chair , splash ink. “My brother .”
“Your brother the phantom,” A yunerak said. “W e would have liked to have found him too. But his craft is impeccable. Better than our best.”
Kavik could only laugh. Somehow , after everything that had happened,
Kalyaan still ended up immune.
Blessed. His brother was simply blessed. Hadn’ t that always been the case?
Kavik knew the atmosphere was wrong the moment he stepped into the safe house. He raised the sack of buns carefully like a shield. “I brought
breakfast.” A weak cover for his outing but the best he could do.
Akuudan stood in the entranceway alone, the first guardian at the gates to a realm of punishment. He took the bag from Kavik and tossed it aside.
“Come on,” he said. “She wants to see you.”
The safe house was not lar ge. But walking down the hallway with
Akuudan behind him, blocking his path to the easiest exit, put Kavik on tenterhooks. The big man had always been the kindest member of the team

to him. Perhaps this was an attempt to get him to lower his guard. If so, it wasn’ t working.
Before Kavik left the restaurant, A yunerak had asked him how the
Avatar was holding up. He thought it a wildly unfair question. The lifetime bond between Air Nomad and bison was sacred and famous across the Four
Nations. The loss of her boon companion? Oh, she’ s toughing it out, a r eal trouper , that one. Thanks for asking; I’ll pass along your condolences . “I
don’t know ,” he’d settled on.
His true feelings on the matter were harder to explain. A yunerak had been the one to inform him about Y angchen’ s tendency to slip into the
mantle of her past lives, but only in the sparse terms of someone who’d read reports. He was the one who’d seen Y angchen lose her kindness in a
moment of distraction, fire and exhaustion the trigger .
Neither he nor the Executor really knew how the mysteries of
Avatarhood worked. And in his ignorance Kavik secretly feared that
Yangchen, out of anyone in the entire world, had a solution to her grief.
Withdraw and let “someone else” handle af fairs. She’s not doing well, and
I’m scar ed that she’ll turn into a completely differ ent person .
“Not there,” Akuudan said when Kavik reached for the door to the planning den.
The only remaining portion of the house was the A vatar ’s own sleeping quarters. The dead end. Every professional instinct screamed at
him not to enter a room with the escape routes cut. These ar e people you worked with, people you ate with . But what did that count for in the end?
Yangchen could see chains of events reaching into the past like no other human being, talked about their significance often. And there was no way
to follow the path to Nujian’ s death without tracing over Kavik’ s name several times.
He stepped inside and was surprised to find the floor packed, every single member of the team present. The cramped space made him realize
how unusual the privilege he’d enjoyed ever since breaking into the Blue
Manse was, to be alone with the A vatar where she slept. Even while she slept.
No longer . Tayagum and Jujinta flanked Y angchen while she sat on her bed, half-dressed, her long hair tangled. She clutched a blanket around her
shoulders despite the warm T aku weather . Her unkempt state looked less

like the self-neglect of mourning and more the carelessness of a ruler among her servants.

You’re not worth the effort of looking presentable
.

She raised her head and Kavik flinched. Thinking she’d fully retreat,
whether away from Taku or herself, was a faithless idea. The cold, hollow

person in front of him was still Yangchen.

“I keep thinking about what your brother said to us that night.” Her

voice was scratchy as if she’d been crying, though he hadn’t heard a single

peep from her through the walls of the safe house.

“Let Chaisee win.”

She

exhaled through her nose into her cupped hands. “Is that what he told you in

Jonduri when you turned on me? To let her have what she wants?”

It’ s fine. Nothing bad will happen
. Kavik had let the products of that

cursed island into the world because he’d given in to Kalyaan’s persuasion

that the Avatar’s attempt to stop Unanimity was ultimately of no

consequence, not worth

endangering the family. The lump in his throat was

too large to speak around. “More or less” were the words that should have

come out. By going along with his brother, he’d gone along with Chaisee.
He’d let her abominable investment bear fruit.

Kavik struggled to respond. The fury of the others was deafening. He

wondered if Yangchen had told them about the White Lotus.

No, he decided. They all had plenty of reasons on their own to hate

him. Every single member of the group had given up a portion of themselves in this fight. Home. Honor. A lifelong friend.

Only one person in the room hadn’t paid the heavy price. Him. And

looking into the Avatar’s gray eyes, which had suddenly become stone walls raised against any attempt to fathom her thoughts, Kavik was certain

that was about to change.