Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 4)

position. “My son was with me. We escaped Bin-Er together. Where’s my

son?”

Yangchen couldn’t provide an answer. “Did you see signs of anyone on

the wagon route?” she asked Kavik.

He shook his head, wide-eyed and ashen. His joy had turned to dust in

his mouth. Kavik was from a place where the land could be hostile. He

knew very well the odds of survival in this terrain, this weather, overnight

and alone.

The woman grabbed Yangchen’s robes, latching on to her in a burst of

frantic strength. “Avatar, where’s my son?” she cried. “Where is he? Where

is my son?”

MAKING READY

Kavik waited for her behind the hospital in the circle of trampled grass.

“Were all of those people from Bin-Er?” he asked Yangchen once she

emerged.

He sounded calm in the way one had to force. “Most of them are,”

Yangchen said. “Sneaking out of the city without clearance usually means

forgoing enough provisions or the right knowledge to make it safely to the

Air Temple. We have to patrol the surrounding areas on our bison to pick up

the lost and stranded. You get turned around in these mountains and, well

. . .”

“What’s going to happen?” he asked, pointing his chin back inside.

“Abbot Sonam will send another team to search for her child.” There

might turn out to be more to that statement. One could only hope. She took

in Kavik’s taut, uneasy stance, the weight he kept on the balls of his feet, as

if there were an opponent he could fight in hand-to-hand combat for the fate

of the missing boy. If only it were so easy.

“You can’t let it get to you,” she said instead. Rote. Words she’d heard

throughout more than one lifetime. “You saved someone’s life. You have to

hold on to the victories and let go of the defeats, or else you’ll never sleep

again.”

He stared at his feet, as if better wisdom were buried in the dirt.

“Come,” she said, chucking him in the arm. “I was going to show you

around the Air Temple. You need a few stories to tell your parents.”

“I thought I was staying down here. I’m allowed on sacred ground?”

“You’re the Avatar’s guest. You’re allowed in a lot of places. Step back

a bit.”

Yangchen distanced herself before curling her tongue, pursing her lips,

and letting out an ear-piercing whistle that started low and went higher and

higher, to the point where a human could no longer hear it. A gigantic

shadow grew around Kavik’s feet. He warily leaped out of the way in case

the noise had dislodged a chunk of snowpack or a boulder above them.

No landslide came. Instead, Yangchen’s sky bison slammed to the

ground, trembling the earth beneath its six feet. Nujian tossed his curly

mane back and basked in the golden light of the falling sun, one front paw

raised.

“Quit preening,” Yangchen said to her animal companion. Nujian lived

for entrances, admiration, absolutely reveled in being the Avatar’s bison

among bison. Sometimes it was unbecoming.

“Uaq.” Kavik stopped himself, his hands already reaching out to touch

the fluffy fur. “Can I?”

Yangchen nodded. He stroked the bison’s gleaming white topcoat and

got an appreciative rumble in response. “Nujian thinks you’re all right,” she

said. “That’s a good sign.”

“You named your bison ‘Arrow’? A little unimaginative, don’t you

think?”

“I was eight! Shut up about it!” In a huff, she used a small tornado to lift

herself onto her bison’s withers, landing with a plop as her robes settled

around her. “Are you getting on or what?”

Reluctantly, Kavik stopped petting and hauled himself onto the saddle

behind her. The broad platform had no designated place to sit. He gripped

the railing and peered over the edge at the spots where the bison’s fur was

braided into the saddle’s frame. “How does he know when to take off

instead of walk? Do you have to do something with the reins or say a

particulaaaagh!”

Nujian shot into the air as fast his namesake. Yangchen had learned to

communicate with her companion through her heels, a glance, a change in

tone. Kavik fell backward, steadied himself, started to shout at the jerk

sitting in the driver’s position. But giddiness caught up with him too fast.

Yangchen had wanted to startle him out of his funk. It worked. The

wind in their faces was sharp and cold. The noise that came out of his throat

was made of pure exhilaration.

They were flying.

Yangchen couldn’t help her grin, watching Kavik whoop with such

unfiltered glee. As silly as it was, she hadn’t been kidding earlier. Passing

the Nujian test carried weight. Her bison companion instinctively disliked

many of the members of her crew who turned out to be plants, Sidao in

particular. But this boy had a heart made for the skies.

“Do a loop!” he shouted.

Perhaps too well made. “If you’re going to travel with me, you’ll have

to learn to guide Nujian yourself. And that means knowing what you can

and can’t do in the air. Bisons fly without support; humans don’t. Even if

they’re Airbenders.”

Her greater message was lost. “I get to take the reins?!”

Yangchen rolled her eyes and pulled her bison into a banking turn over

the ribboned walls of the Northern Air Temple. Hardly any natural level

ground existed within the confines of swirling stairs and ramps, and the

stark relief of its towers against the sky made its feeling of isolation

stronger. The Southern Temple had karsts for neighbors, and the East and

West were built like connected islands. But the North stood on its lonesome.

She let Kavik gawk from above at the training court with its circlewalking pattern, the open-air cloisters, even flew straight through the

hammered goalposts for bison polo. Nujian landed on the terrace right in

the middle of the large blue center stripe.

“That was amazing!” Kavik bellowed, his voice still trying to

compensate for the rushing wind. “Sorry. That was amazing. Is flying this

much fun every time?”

He’d been such a glum boy in Bin-Er, but now, his happiness was

downright infectious. Yangchen felt warmer, as if struck by a sunbeam. She

liked things that made her feel warm. “I haven’t gotten bored of it yet.”

Kavik dismounted first and reached up to help her down. She jumped

over his head and landed behind him. “Right,” he muttered. “Airbender.”

“Points for gallantry though.” Nujian left with a parting rush of wind to

go forage lower in the tree line. Yangchen led Kavik to the temple, warning

him not to step on the mittened hermit crabs littering the path.

There were no doors blocking the passageway to the great hall. One

could walk straight in, staring the whole time at the fearsome bison relief

carved into the far back wall. Yangchen thought it looked more snorting

dragon than bison, but perhaps when it was created thousands of years ago,

her people’s animal companions were less companionable.

She preferred the artwork on the walls, paintings of monks against the

clouds done in colors meant to fade over time to teach the lesson of

impermanence. Maintaining them required passing on skills from

generation to generation, constant effort through the centuries. The exercise

was ultimately futile against the power of time but still worth pursuing.

Like most things in life.

Kavik twirled as he trailed her, attempting to take in the statues of great

elders in the alcoves. “So many,” he said. “Will they ever put one of you

up?”

“After I’m dead, the temples are obligated to by Avatar tradition.”

Yangchen winced. “Hopefully mine’ll be smaller than those. I don’t need

everyone staring at my giant head for eternity.”

They entered the ringed cloisters. A group of young nuns visiting from

the Eastern Temple going in the opposite direction bowed solemnly to

Yangchen while she gave a gesture of benediction. A few of them raised

eyebrows at Kavik but said nothing. It was well understood the Avatar had

to conduct worldly affairs with the help of people from other nations.

The insult came only after they passed each other. “Which way do

Westerners go?” shouted the lead nun. Yangchen spun around to see her

making a three-fingered gesture toward the ground. The rest of the girls

responded in unison. “DOWN DOWN DOWN!”

By laws as ironclad as any among her folk, Yangchen was obligated to

answer back. She cupped her hands around her mouth. “You’re seven and

ten in my era! East side, least side!”

“Gap’s closing fast, Avatar!” The Eastern nuns backed away with grins

and arms spread tauntingly wide, only returning to a proper form when they

crossed the boundary into the great hall.

Kavik looked dumbfounded. “Airball rivalry,” Yangchen explained.

She led him up the stairs toward one of the turrets. They overtook a line

of younger monks finishing their chores, carrying buckets of sudsy water,

knocking their knees against the wooden tubs. Kavik looked around the

rock formations. Perhaps he felt the faint tug of his element within them;

Yangchen certainly could. “You know,” he said. “If you drilled a few holes

and knocked down some of those older walls, you could get a flow going at

a higher elevation.”

That must have been the city in him talking. Yangchen shook her head.

“People should know the weight of water. The purpose of life isn’t

convenience.” All the same, she turned around and bent the loads of water

out of the buckets, raising the blobs into the air. The young boys cheered as

they followed her and Kavik higher, temporarily freed of their burden.

“One time only!” she told them. “Don’t squeal to the abbot!”

After reaching the top of the stairs, they left their little parade behind

and entered a turret. Yet another series of steps waited for them inside,

spiraling higher and higher along the wall. For the sake of his pride, she

didn’t push the pace. The air was thin in the mountains, and not many

people were used to the concept of “Airbender flat.” Up a long way, down a

long way, end up back at the elevation you started. No big deal.

The top of the tower was a small meditation floor, open on all sides. To

the west, the fall of the sun dyed the blanket of mountain mists a soft violet.

The cliffs surrounding the Northern Air Temple fell away so sharply that

the view from its windows tricked you into thinking you were floating atop

nothing at all, treading along the sky itself.

“Gorgeous,” Kavik said with a sigh.

Yangchen stepped around him so she wasn’t blocking any of the light.

“I have to catch at least one sunset every time I visit the Northern Temple.

This was the favorite spot of my . . .” She forced herself to say it. There was

no point in hiding from Jetsun’s memory. “My sister. She first showed it to

me.”

“You have a sister,” Kavik repeated, still entranced by the orange glow

in the distance.

Yangchen puckered her lips. “Is that so odd?”

“No. Sorry. That’s the normal part.” He turned, the sun cutting across

his fine cheekbones. “There’s such a big difference between . . . I mean . . .”

He waved his hands to clear the slate and start anew. “Up-Here-You is

exactly like how I imagined the Avatar to be. Heroic. Inspiring. DownThere-You is something else entirely. I can’t wrap my head around it.”

Ah. Right. The old question. Why are you like this? A different context

than usual. In the past it came out of the elder’s mouths while they were

teary and frightened for her. “Have you heard of a place called Tienhaishi?”

she asked. “It used to be a city of great art and culture. The grandest in the

world, from certain perspectives.”

“Where you fought the great spirit,” Kavik said. “I know the basic story.

It’s hard to believe I’m looking at the same person who took on a giant from

the sea.” He paused. “But over time I heard more often it was a typhoon

that made landfall. Don’t get me wrong; I’d be just as impressed if you

managed to stop a storm in its tracks.”

Yangchen found it exhausting that no matter what happened, no matter

how many witnesses saw something happen, somebody would stamp their

foot and declare events had gone a different way. Making petty little

attempts to seize authority over a story that wasn’t theirs. “For what it’s

worth, it was a spirit,” she said. “You should have seen the battle. I was UpHere-Me. Powerful. Magnificent.”

She made a fist in front of her face, palm in, and then opened her hand

outward, the most succinct way she could summarize the Avatar State.

Kavik probably didn’t know exactly what she meant by the gesture, but he

seemed to follow well enough.

“I struck a deal with the titan,” she said. “He would lay aside his

aggression, and human settlers would leave that section of the coast alone.

My people currently take care of the land where Tienhaishi used to be and

maintain the proper rituals as part of the agreement. So far, it’s working. If

there’s one thing the Four Nations respect, it’s the sacred sites of the Air

Nomads.”

Kavik nodded. A job well done by the Avatar. And it was, it really was.

The problem was the aftermath, the trailing eddies, the smoke after the fire.

“The fight left the city a ruin,” Yangchen continued. “Homes destroyed.

The residents had nowhere to go. I stayed with them, searching for new

places for them to live. I didn’t think it would be easy, but I thought there

would be progress. ‘Have faith,’ I told the people of Tienhaishi.”

The sun became a sliver. “We went from town to town, doors slamming

in our faces, until I couldn’t even get them to open for me anymore. I would

find mayor’s men waiting, armed, telling us to keep walking. We slept in

fields, lived on alms. I had my fellow nuns and monks making supply runs

for us, begging far and wide.” She remembered sending Nujian away out of

fear he would eat too much of the locally foraged food. Gleaned seeds,

edible tree bark, and the like.

“Once we started losing people to illness, I made a promise,” Yangchen

said. “I would cajole, wheedle, whine, use any tactic at my disposal to do

what had to be done. Everything became easier once I started playing the

game properly, applying leverage in the right situation.”

She didn’t have to give him details, but they poured out of her like

water. “In one case I was able to place most of Tienhaishi’s craftsmen by

lying to two competing nobles about how badly the other wanted to be the

patron of so many skilled workers,” she said. “Had to forge a couple of

letters. That was fun. Another time I scared the spiritually inclined husband

of a governor so badly that he threatened to run away from her if she didn’t

show more kindness and open their territories.”

She waited to see if Kavik was disgusted, if she’d ruined the image of

the Avatar for him. Then she remembered she’d already done that back in

Bin-Er. “Eventually the people of Tienhaishi were absorbed by the

continent,” she said. “We found arable land for some of them to work;

others reached family in Ba Sing Se. I’m sure a few of them are in the

shang cities right now, needing more help. Can you imagine? The Avatar

failing you miserably, twice in one lifetime.”

Yangchen made faces into the growing shadows of the tower until she

was sure she wasn’t going to lose her composure. The light over the

mountains was cool and dim. An appropriate stage for the origins of DownThere-Her. “I learned I can’t force people to do the right thing. But I can . . .

maneuver them. I can deliver tailored, expedient truths that help them see

from a more enlightened perspective. The Airbender term is ‘shaped

teachings.’ ”

She was butchering the definition to make herself feel better. Picking up

the techniques of spycraft and trickery and falsehoods was never the

obstacle. Avatars were often prodigious to some degree, fast learners when

properly motivated. Yangchen had access to so many lives lived to healthy

ages. Which of them wouldn’t be a practiced deceiver by the time of their

deaths? August Szeto alone was a library of intrigue.

There was silence. He’s judging me, Yangchen thought.

“What does your sister think about it?” Kavik asked.

She was caught off guard by the question. “What?”

“What does your older sister think about how you do things as the

Avatar?” He scratched his head. “I assume she’s older, for some reason.”

“I . . . I don’t know how she’d react to what I’m doing now.” To

Yangchen, her life before and after Jetsun were pieces that never meshed,

no joinery possible. “She died a while ago, before I really started my work.

I looked up to her more than anyone in the world.”

An Avatar Yangchen with Jetsun by her side could have been a very

different leader. “I’m sure she’d tell me to slow down. Be less rash. Stay

focused on the long-term. How did you know she was older?”

Kavik crossed his arms tight. He could have been trying to stop his

answer or force it out. “I had someone in my life like that once,” he said.

“Another errand runner I tried to emulate. Older. Smarter. It’s as if I keep

looking over my shoulder each time I make a decision. Waiting to see if

they’re watching.”

So they had a weakness in common. “It’s because they would never let

us make the wrong choice,” Yangchen said. Without the nods, without the

headshakes, without their weight and presence, you were off-balance.

Forever doubtful of your next step. “This friend of yours is gone?”

“Very gone,” Kavik said. “He didn’t really have anything keeping him

around Bin-Er, so he hopped out of the city as soon as he got clearance for

himself.”

The two of them must have been close for such bitterness to leak around

the edges of his mask. Kavik rubbed his chest with his arms still folded, like

he was trying to settle the contents of a bottle. “I suppose you and I are

stuck having to decide for ourselves, aren’t we?” he said. “No one to tell us

which path to follow.”

“That’s right.” Yangchen was glad she had chanced upon someone who

understood. It was ungrateful of her to think so, but all of the wisdom stored

away in her past lives couldn’t add up to Jetsun’s steady hand holding onto

hers, gently nudging in the right direction. “Are you having second thoughts

about your choice to join me?”

“No. Not if we’re going to prevent more situations like the one back at

the hospital.”

His fierceness surprised her. “If Bin-Er took better care of its people,

that woman wouldn’t have risked trekking through the mountains,” Kavik

said, running his tongue over his teeth, a tell of genuine frustration. “She

wouldn’t have been separated from her child.”

And we’d have had our victory. Yangchen could tell her new agent saw

the chain of events leading from greed to negligence to suffering. More

importantly, he was willing to see it. And his reaction was one of deep

discontent.

Good. “You know what?” she said.

“What?”

“I think I trust you a little more each time we talk.”

Outside, the fireflies began their twilight dance. The temple grounds

became a pinpricked lampshade. The sun went down early this time of year,

which shrank the number of hours the rescue teams could safely roam the

mountains to search.

A crazed flapping noise filled the air, summoned by the tower lantern,

now one of the bright sources of light in the sky. Kavik heard it and went on

high alert, but he couldn’t tell which direction it was coming from.

“What’s that noise?” he said, right before a fuzzy white mass collided

with his face. Another struck him in the back of the head.

Chaos broke loose. Yangchen couldn’t tell who was screeching louder,

the boy or the winged lemurs. “Pik! Pak!” she shouted. “Stop it!”

Kavik flailed his arms while Pik hung on tenaciously to his hair. “Get

them off me!”

“Stop panicking; they’re my friends! I just left them alone for too long

and they’re upset! Calm down and they’ll calm down!”

Her advice went unheeded. She had to unhook Pak’s claws one by one

from Kavik’s ears. Kavik managed to get Pik at arm’s length, threw the

struggling animal out the window, and doubled over, spitting and wiping his

tongue with his fingers. “Peh! I’ve got fur in my mouth! Pehk!”

He’d discovered firsthand the origin of Pik and Pak’s names. They often

latched on to strangers who got too close to her, and they also shed

profusely. She couldn’t eat a meal around her lemurs without her food

getting hair all over it.

“If they act up around you again, just do what you did,” she said. “Get

them into the air and they’ll glide away.” To demonstrate, she let Pak run up

the length of her arm and sail back into the darkness.

“Those things can fly?!”

She squinted at Kavik. “You dropped my lemur out the tower without

knowing it could survive the fall?”

“I defended myself from a horrible little rat beast that attacked me, if

that’s what you mean!”

And to think they had almost shared a moment. “It’s getting cold,”

Yangchen said. “I’ll show you the rest of the temple. Hopefully you won’t

wet your pants at the kitten-moths.”

“I hate you.”

“So I’ve heard.”

Kavik had trouble sleeping. The thin air kept him from fully relaxing inside

his quilt-lined guest room. And during the evening tour, a greater irritation

had nagged him throughout.

He felt the itch in his gut when he saw monks, done with their studies

and meditation, conversing by candlelight or sitting on the terrace steps

without a care in the world. And again, when he was invited to partake in

the evening meal and shown by his neighbors how to mix butter into his

barley gruel.

The feeling named itself by the end of dinner. Jealousy.

Kavik was jealous of the Airbenders, so at home in their great temple.

He supposed anywhere was home for them, being nomads, but surrounded

by people content in their element, his longing for the North became

overwhelming. He made the mistake of teaching the younger monks the

stick pull game and had to turn in early for the night lest he burst into tears

watching them.

A gust came through the small window in his room. He got up and

rested his elbows on the sill, gazing out over the mountains. The temple

peak was so steep he couldn’t see the land underneath. If he wasn’t careful,

he might roll off the edge of the world.

His eyes landed on a solitary figure standing on the tallest column of

what he’d been told was the airball field. Even at a distance he knew it was

the Avatar. She was lightly dressed and rose on her toes to meet the wind.

Maybe she’d taken the Easterners’ taunts a little too seriously and was

getting in extra practice. Kavik watched as she trailed her fingers in an

invisible stream and fell forward off the pillar. It only sunk in that she

lacked a glider or a bison after she dipped out of his vision. “Hey!” he

shouted, even though his voice wouldn’t have reached her. “Don’t!”

He needn’t have panicked. Yangchen shot into the air, pitching and

yawing like a dried leaf, directionless. She reached the peak of her ascent

and whipped her hands at the ground.

From the force of her own airbending, Yangchen tumbled higher. Her

path veered randomly this way, and this way again, before going back that

way. Not flight, but the disordered twirl of surrender to the wind. The

Avatar had given up control. She danced on emptiness.

No, Kavik thought. It wasn’t a dance.

Had he been a random observer, focusing solely on the beauty of her

movements, he would have assumed she was dancing. Entertaining herself.

But Kavik had met more than one Yangchen. This version pummeled the

ground with blasts of air, lashing out with so much pressure she was blown

into the sky as a result.

He could feel her anger all the way across the temple, tempered by

distance into a gentle breeze. Her element would leave no trace of her

frustrations in the morning. You have to let go of the defeats. Kavik knew

Yangchen had not taken her own advice and moved on from the missing

child in the mountains. She had not let go of anything at all.

The Avatar’s skill and power aside, the dangers of being suspended in

the air without aid were still very real. Kavik waited until she thrashed

herself weary and returned safely to the ground. He watched her go back

inside the cloisters for the night and made sure she stayed before seeking

his own bed once more.

Sleep came to him much easier afterward.

OceanofPDF.com

BREAKING IN

True to her word, Yangchen let Kavik fly Nujian. But only in a straight

path, low to the water, for a short time. He barely got to hold the reins

before she took them back. “We can’t risk veering off course,” she’d

explained. “You’ll get more chances in the future.”

They skimmed along the low waves of the Baizhi Sea. The warm, wet

air made Kavik’s skin clammy. He was down to his kuspuk. Heavy winter

clothing was a relic of the past, unnecessary where they were going.

“We’re crossing into Jonduri waters,” Yangchen said, examining the sky

and the horizon, reading winds and currents Kavik could only guess told her

their position. He wasn’t an experienced open ocean wayfinder. The

Avatar’s lemurs perched on the saddle horn, their polished greenstone eyes

fixed on him in case he made any sudden moves.

He could admit in daylight, when they weren’t screaming and trying to

steal his teeth, they were very cute. Pik, the one with the torn ear, had eaten

some seeds out of his hand and accepted a few scratches under the chin.

There were no other humans present. They’d departed on Nujian in a

caravan of Air Nomads and bison, the residents of the town below the

temple cheering as they flew overhead. Toward the end of their trip,

Yangchen diverted off on a separate path. The other Airbenders pretended

like they didn’t just see their spiritual leader leave them without saying

where she was going.

“The pickup boat knows to come to a specific location should I ever

announce a visit to Jonduri,” Yangchen had explained earlier. “I will hand

you off there, and then return to the caravan since it’s part of my official

cover.”

She had no reservations about referring to her fellow Air Nomads as

such. “My minister left before us on a ship, while we were still at the Air

Temple, and made public arrangements for me to plead my case. The Avatar

still hopes for better conditions in the shang cities, and she’s willing to go to

each one in turn. Like a proper beggar.”

“This minister is the one from Nanyan who’s selling you out?”

“Yes.” Yangchen puckered her lips. “My actions are believable because

of how badly I fumbled my first try in Bin-Er. I’m sure by now he’s let

every shang on the island know I was refused.”

“And when I get to the safe house?”

“You sit tight until I return from groveling in front of Zongdu Chaisee.

It won’t take long because she’ll refuse me too. She’s the one who currently

has control of Unanimity, after all. My contacts have experience and local

knowledge, so we’ll want to consult with them on a plan to find out which

shipment the assets will be traveling on.”

“If your loyalists in Jonduri know what they’re doing, why don’t you

have them try to get closer to Chaisee instead of me?”

“They’re too old,” Yangchen said curtly.

Kavik tilted his head at her. “What I mean is, they’ve lived in Jonduri

for a while and people know them,” she explained. “You, however, will be a

completely fresh face once you’re on the island. We barely even need a

cover for you. You came from the North because you were promised work.

No family or friends in town.”

“The same story I used on you.”

His one victory over her, no matter how short-lived. She took the

reminder well. “If it works, it works.”

After a few more minutes, Nujian came to a stop, hovering above the

water. Yangchen hopped over to the saddle and rummaged through their

supplies until she found a large empty bladder. With the might of

airbending, she inflated it in one breath and tied the seal tight.

“What is that thing, some kind of signal?” Kavik said. “And if we’re at

the handoff point, where’s the boat?”

She tossed the bladder over the side, where it bobbed gently, a

makeshift buoy. “The boat won’t be here for another hour. Nujian and I

can’t be spotted anywhere near it. And the float is for you to hold on to. I

know I said it was a handoff, but it’s really more of a dead drop.”

Yangchen made a scooping motion with her arms and Kavik was sucked

bodily into the air, the same way he’d been caught when they first met. He

flew backward over the edge of the saddle and into the water. Popping his

head above the surface, he grabbed the float. His eyes burned with salt and

indignation.

“This was always the plan,” Yangchen said. “Consider it pay-back for

trying to kill my lemur.”

The sea was warm. Kavik was a Waterbender, a good swimmer to boot,

and in no danger of drowning or freezing. But that was beside the point.

“Pik forgave me!”

Yangchen callously nudged him in the forehead with the end of her

staff, sending him drifting away. “Pak did not.”

Kavik rode the serene ripples of the water up and down and cursed the

Avatar’s name with each one. She’d flown away without so much as a

glance back.

He wasted some time dreaming of an appropriate prank as revenge

before remembering he had no plans to remain in Yangchen’s company any

longer than necessary. The point was to get out of Bin-Er, not live up to his

parents’ hopes and dreams for companionhood glory.

The pickup boat arrived sooner than she’d promised. The small fishing

vessel approached with sails furled, pushed along by the man standing in

the stern. His motions of waterbending were different from the form Kavik

practiced, prone to sudden fast movements among the slow, his hands

winding around each other as if he were reeling bolts of silken thread.

The boat came to a stop beside Kavik. The man reached down and they

clasped each other by the forearm. The sensation of being helped out of the

water by a strong, reliable presence made Kavik think for a moment that

Kalyaan, wearing a different face, had come to pick him up.

His rescuer looked nothing like his brother though. The wiry