Title: part to trust him. Instead, she’d been given the ultimate assurance. She’d been granted a certainty she didn’ t deserve.

“I used you and the others as part of a ruse in T aku,” she said, her confession an attempt to balance the scales.
He took the revelation in stride. “I suppose that’ s only fair , at least where I’m concerned. Y ou have to apologize to everyone else, though.

Especially Jujinta.”
She would. She would beg the most honest and scrupulous member of their team for for giveness. “I did it to protect Y ingsu,” she added.
Kavik’ s surprise lifted his shoulders of f the ground. He took a moment to try and piece the implications together . “Is she joining up?” was all he
asked in response.
“I don’ t know . Maybe.” The Firebender seemed to have appreciated making a dif ference on behalf of the A vatar instead of being exploited by a
zongdu. Sometimes purpose was better than money . Yingsu would certainly make a formidable addition to the group.
But in the end, everyone had to decide for themselves.
Yangchen squirmed in place, dreading her next question. “What will you do now?” she asked.
“I’m getting out of the game,” Kavik said. “According to A yunerak,
the heat’ s off me in the North. I can finally go home. See my parents. I
asked the White Lotus if they could set me up as a healer ’s assistant. I’d enjoy that life.”
Yangchen was the one who’d given him a taste for the job. “Don’ t do it,” she said.
She didn’ t care how shameless it was to demand he abandon a noble calling. Y angchen grasped between them for Kavik’ s hand, guided by his
warmth. Finding his fingers, she gave them a squeeze.
Then she let go and smacked the back of her hand against his.
“Stay with me,” she said. “I need you by my side. There’ s so much work to do, and I want you with me until it’ s finished.”
Kavik’ s laughter pierced the Spirit Oasis. Y angchen had willingly delivered him the victory . She knew he’d been waiting for this moment
since the day they’d first met.
“Tell you what,” he said, smacking her back. “I’ll sleep on it.”

A C K N O W L E D G M E N T S
I’d like to thank the familiar crew , without whom these novels wouldn’ t exist. Anne Heltzel for guiding my craft. Andrew Smith for creating the
possibility . Stephen Barr for being my champion. Joan Hilty and Jef frey
Whitman for steering the way . My family , whom I never told about my writing until the day I knew I was going to be published but who probably
had an inkling that I’d end up doing something of f the beaten path eventually . And of course, Michael Dante DiMartino and Bryan Konietzko
for creating the world we’ve all lived in for so long.
Let me talk about that last part. I started working on The Rise of
Kyoshi in 2018. As of writing these acknowledgments, it’ll be five years that I’ve spent writing novels in the A vatar universe. That’ s an eighth of my
life, currently . More years than I spent in college. I’ve worked on these books longer than I’ve stayed at any single company at my day job. Half the
time my partner has known me, I’ve been writing for this franchise. It’ s given me career highs, mental ups and downs, and perspective on being an
author that I never would have gained elsewhere.
But the show first aired in 2005. It’ s old enough to vote. My five years might seem like a long time to me in retrospect, but it’ s only a brief slice of
the universe’ s long life, a life kept vibrant by the love of so many viewers,
readers, and creatives. Like the cycle of the seasons, new stories will continue to grow forth and inspire us all. I’ll be watching and reading,
grateful for the time I shared with A vatar .
Thank you.

Loved the book?

Check out our entire catalog of great novels, graphic novels, and non-fiction for young adults and middle-grade readers at
Amulet Books
!

Hungry for more Y
A?

T
ake a

with sneak

piques
, behind-the-scenes, interviews and much more inspired

by our latest YA books at

piquebeyond.com
!