Title: Part of the dif ficulty was remembering her own lies. Concocted events were like a vision she had to force herself into having, unlike the ones that (Part 3)

Kavik believed her . Many a night he’d lain awake underneath the shrine, thinking about the dif ferent employers he’d had over the years. If
Yangchen had been the one giving him her word, she would have moved quickly and not stopped until the job was done. For the A vatar , the right
time to act was always now.
The wind blew harder and turned his sweat into pinpricks. He found his parka hidden among the supplies and put it on. “I’m no expert flier , but
aren’ t we going the wrong way for T aku?”
Yangchen stifled a yawn. “W e have to stop by the Northern Air
Temple to drop of f these gifts from Oyaluk; they help fund the village and hospital.”
Kavik had to keep himself from appearing interested in their destination. He watched Y angchen, trying to tell if her nonchalance was
feigned. “I’m looking forward to seeing the mountains again,” he said,
prattling on as blithely as he could. “Catch another sunset.”
This Northern Air T emple happened to be the most likely place to find leads on the Firebenders. “Convenience,” A yunerak had explained.
“Convenience and logistics. The Air T emples are the territory the A vatar has the most control over , and the Northern one is the closest to Bin-Er . I’d
say there’ s a seven out of ten chance she’ s keeping the Unanimity benders somewhere in the vicinity . If so, your job would be to pinpoint their exact
locations. The T aihua range is too big to search by hand.”
For someone who favored Pai Sho so much, A yunerak certainly liked to speak in terms of dice throws rather than certainties. “She’ s from the
Western T emple,” Kavik said. “She could have brought them to her home.”
A frown inched its way across A yunerak’ s face. “Due to an unforced error on my part, she doesn’ t consider the W estern T emple leakproof
anymore.”
There was another possible fate for Thapa, Y ingsu, and Xiaoyun. “Y ou don’t … Y ou don’ t think she killed them, do you?”
Kavik had asked purely as a hypothetical. He didn’ t really believe the
Avatar would take the convenient way out of her dilemma. He was merely considering every angle.
But A yunerak answered him seriously . Not from the perspective of someone who looked at Y angchen and saw an Air Nomad but as someone
who evaluated the A vatar as a world power . “She wouldn’ t. You don’ t waste

assets in this game. Punishment and retribution are for amateurs. The three of them are as safe and sound as can be.”
Justice seemed to have no place in the conversation. Thapa, Y ingsu,
and Xiaoyun had wrecked a quarter of Bin-Er and terrorized its residents.
Did their crimes matter at all? Or could anyone’ s wrongdoings be washed away provided they were valuable enough?
The sun crawled higher . Kavik spent most of the day watching
Nujian’ s shadow pass over the sea and ice below while Pik and Pak surfed the bison’ s invisible wake, gliding and bobbing through the air . This part,
the peaceful, quiet hours in between destinations, he didn’ t miss as much.
Yangchen kept pushing the pace without a break. By evening, she had shrunken inside her robes with tiredness. He’d caught her nodding of f twice
and of fered to take the reins but was refused each time. “W e have to set up camp,” Kavik said once light began to fade.
“We can keep going. Nujian’ s not tired yet.”
“But you are. Did you sleep at all in the safe house or have you been awake the entire time since then?”
No answer . Kavik sighed. She hadn’ t changed her habits since he’d watched her thrash in the night at the Northern Air T emple, freefalling
through a forest of airball pillars. “Come on. Even Great Y angchen needs her rest.”
She huf fed and made a click with her teeth. Nujian responded to the signal by descending toward a series of islets, landing on the flattest one
without needing to hear a command. Kavik lowered the tent rolls down from the saddle and jumped to the ice. He’d set up shelter , but not before he
did something very important.
He walked around to face Nujian, letting the bison see and snif f him.
“I’m sorry ,” he said. He stroked the bison’ s snout and got an appreciative grumble. “What I did wasn’ t right. I’m glad to be back riding with you.”
Yangchen scof fed. “That was more heartfelt than you were with me.”
“Can’ t hear you, busy making up.” Kavik pressed the side of his head against the fur of the A vatar ’s companion he liked most. Nujian knocked
him back, but only to get enough space for an af fectionate lick.
They set up tents and a small stove in between. The preserved searoot they ate for dinner was bland and chewy , but there was dried fish for Kavik,

a sign that she’d thought about him while packing. Despite herself,
Yangchen couldn’ t help but consider the needs of others.
He watched her stare into the coals after their meal, her chin on her knees, the flicker reflected in her eyes. The heat wasn’ t enough to stave of f
the chill. “Help me clean up?” he asked.
“No.”
Okay then . She’d never treated him like a servant during their first mission, but if she needed to get some pettiness out of her system, so be it.
He melted a sheet of water to toss over the embers, but before he could put out the fire, Y angchen spoke again. “I’m done, Mesose,” she said. “I’m
done cleaning up after them.”
The water hovered between his hands. Her voice had aged decades,
sounded as if someone had fitted the wrong gauge of strings to a zither .
“They take with both hands, and they pay only with blame. They find your edges and then they dwell there. W ork a hundred miracles? Y ou’re
worthless for not performing a hundred and one.”
Her posture had changed too. She was no longer curled up and tense like a troubled young girl. She looked down her nose at the fire, head
cocked to the side, a guru about to banish a student permanently without a second thought.
“Yangchen?” The name came of f his tongue with dif ficulty , a reminder of how infrequently he said it out loud. She was always her, you, the A vatar .
The too-close presence in his face or over his shoulder . “Avatar Y angchen.
Is that you?”
No answer .
Ayunerak had briefed him on the scenario. She doesn’ t have a str ong wall between herself and her past lives. She might slip into a memory , and it
might turn ugly . Play along if you can but r estrain her if you need to . Like he could handle the world’ s most powerful being losing control a few feet
away . He was out of his depth here.
“I’m so close to giving up on them,” Y angchen announced. She pulled back her lips and ran her tongue over her gums as if discovering how much
she liked the bloody taste of the truth. Kavik could have sworn her teeth were sharper and more crooked than they were moments ago, but that had
to be the glint of the coals playing tricks on him. “I’m so tired of fighting on their behalf. Human beings choose their own misery , over and over again.

Tell me why humanity deserves an A vatar , Mesose. I could handle the blame, the finger -pointing, if I just knew why .”
Kavik cursed to himself. He had to assume the cover of this Mesose person, but he’d never heard of them before. He frantically tried to think of
which group, which nation, which faction her past companion might have belonged to, before realizing the exercise was moot.
The truth applied across eras. “I can’ t,” he said. “I can’ t tell you why we’re worthy of a protector . You have to believe we are.”
Immediately he wished he’d done better . He wasn’ t a poet. Y angchen,
or the person inside her , chuckled. “That’ s it? That’ s the only reason? Blind faith that people can change?”
Her laughter grew louder and choppier until it became a glottal howl.
She threw her head back, rolling as if to tip of f the edge of a platform. She beat her chest with her fist hard enough that he thought she might crack her
breastbone.
Terrified, Kavik threw the water he still held over the stove, quenching the coals. He wasn’ t sure if it was safe to wrest the A vatar out of her
memories by force, but he couldn’ t bear to watch her in this state. The life that had trapped her was full of pain.
The hiss of steam silenced Y angchen quickly . She blinked and coughed, wiping froth from her lips. “What just … oh.”
She saw Kavik frozen in place and sighed. “I suppose you were briefed about my ‘gift.’”
He nodded slowly . “Well?” she snapped, interpreting his fear as scorn.
“How embarrassing was it? What’d I say?”
“You don’ t remember?”
“Not always.”
“You, uh, whined a lot. Y ou were playing some kind of game I didn’ t recognize, and it must have been a competition because you were whining
and complaining to an of ficial judge.” He put on a smirk. Kavik could be a role as much as any other sometimes. “It was pretty pathetic, I have to tell
you. Y ou just kept going and going.”
Yangchen exposed her teeth in a scowl, and he squinted at them, but in the moonlight they were the same as always, pearly and straight. “That one
might be new ,” she said. “I guess I can’ t be a good sport in every life.”

She tried to rise and stumbled. Kavik caught her by the elbows. “You

need rest,” he said. “We both do.”

“Just get me inside my tent.” She leaned more weight on him,
threatening to collapse in his arms. Kavik managed to get her past the

entrance and ease her descent into her blankets.

Yangchen drew her covers over her shoulders. Something about the

gesture made her look ill, like one of the patients in her own hospital, and

Kavik’s feet refused to move for a while.

What exactly was he doing? Guarding her from hostile birds? It was

strange he hadn’t left and stranger yet that she hadn’t dismissed him. “I’m

going,” he said, in case she was still awake.

He turned to leave but stopped when he felt a slight tug on his leg.
Kavik looked over his shoulder and down at the Avatar. “Thank you, SeSe,” she muttered softly, her eyes closed.

Before he could respond, Yangchen’s hand fell to the ground, limp,
and she began to snore.

STOMPING GROUNDS
That night might have been the first one in any of their shared travels where the A vatar had gotten more sleep than Kavik. He couldn’ t remember her
bunking down peacefully on Nujian’ s saddle, in the Northern Air T emple,
the Jonduri safe house, anywhere they’d rested in proximity . Despite the lightness of her step, Kavik would always hear her scurrying about late into
the night.
He’d stayed up this time, fretting over what he’d heard. Did the White
Lotus know there had been at least one past A vatar who’d been so close to turning their back on humanity? W as that even a past life? Mesose could
have been someone born of this era, a survivor of T ienhaishi perhaps. If so,
the violence in her throat could have been aimed at the Four Nations of today .
Which meant that was the person he was going to have to cross a second time.
He kept his distance from her as they flew , sitting as far back in the saddle as he could. He wasn’ t sure that kind of rage could dissipate in a
single night. It was more akin to a generational curse, a haunting that made wide swathes of land taboo to enter .
That might not have been the only A vatar disappointed with us, r eady to end it all . Most of an iceber g remained under the surface, its shape and
mass never to be discovered. The thought chilled him worse than the wind.
His teeth clicked against each other .
“Did you say something?” Y angchen asked, swiveling her head back sharply .
“No,” he squeaked. He didn’ t want to ask who Mesose was, in case the name reminded her of misplaced trust and fitting punishments.
The discomfort between them made for a quiet trip. They passed over the strait without incident and flew into the T aihua Mountains. Y angchen

started the descent early , weaving them between the gray peaks and skirting the rocky hillsides.
The low , winding flight path might not have meant anything. But it could also have been a sign she didn’ t want to give Kavik a sweeping
overhead look at the terrain. As if she were keeping the Firebenders somewhere in the surrounding area as A yunerak had theorized.
Or she just likes br eezing thr ough valleys and Unanimity is on the other side of the world . He needed to be patient. The White Lotus wanted
certainty , not half-baked guesses.
When the village that supported the Northern Air T emple came into sight, Kavik immediately recognized the stone hospital nestled into the
slope. But it was no longer the only lar ge structure in the settlement.
Several hasty construction projects had sprouted up since he’d last been here, lopsided storehouses of wood and clay , new hutches with straw roofs,
dugout pits so deep and wide they had to be communal root cellars. The narrow walking paths were stuf fed with people squeezing past each other .
He watched a team of workers unload lumber planks of f the back of a sky bison, an unusual display . “The village is bustling,” he said.
“There are a tenth more people living here than the arable land can support, and the number keeps growing,” Y angchen said. “At our current
rate of alms collection, grain reserves will be exhausted in two years. The rock springs don’ t deliver enough water for everyone, which means the
newcomers have to rely on snowmelt. One dry winter will spell utter disaster .”
Yangchen turned and gave him a hard smile that was all squint. “But yes. It’ s bustling , as you say .”
Kavik peered down below again. She wouldn’ t have hidden that information from anyone who’d come to the mountains seeking to live in a
town growing under the auspices of a hardworking A vatar . But neither would she have turned them away . Even from a distance, most of the faces
seemed happy and content, unconcerned about a heavy balance of borrowed time coming due.
Because their A vatar would think of something . Kavik watched her chew harder on her lip the closer they got to the center of the village. The
puzzle she worked on might never be solved.

The people in the street spotted her , or maybe they recognized the pattern of fur on Nujian’ s underbelly . A riotous cheer went up. The
townsfolk paused their work, stopped in their tracks, put down their burdens. Slowly at first, and then quickly , they followed the A vatar ’s bison,
hurrying to meet her when she descended to the earth. The flow of heads through the street reminded Kavik of grains of sand spilling down the neck
of an hour glass.
Yangchen sucked in a breath through her teeth. “I’m going to be mobbed. Y ou have to get out before we reach the landing area.”
“Yeah, right. How am I supposed to wait no no no —”
Airbending as sure and strong as a pair of solid hands grabbed Kavik by the middle and flung him over the saddle’ s edge. Because of how close
they were to the hillside, he didn’ t have far to fall or much time to scream.
Instead of a hard impact against the rocks, he bounced of f a cushion of air and slid all the way into a thatch of bushes, his feet higher than his head.
“Stay hidden!” Y angchen called out, her voice fading as she flew away . “I’ll find you later!”
Kavik blew a clump of fallen leaves of f his face. Things were turning back to normal faster than he thought.
Navigating the streets without drawing attention was easy since nearly the entire town had emptied to go catch a glimpse of the A vatar . Kavik shuf fled
past stalls and parked wagons, his hood pulled over his head. It was the freest he’d been allowed to move about in a long time and worth disobeying
the A vatar .
He examined the new lines of construction running higher up the slopes. A teahouse with flying eaves in the southern Earth Kingdom style.
That was new . Over there, a kitchen with its chimney puf fing thick smoke from an oven blazing away . It would have looked like a promising scene,
except Kavik knew the cost of that smoke.
Fuel was hard to get in the North, and they weren’ t that far from the
North, relatively speaking. Sure enough, the woodpile next to the kitchen quickly went from chopped logs to bundles of thin branches to twigs from

the gangly little bushes that grew along the road to the village. The townsfolk were denuding the mountainside for things to burn.
He could see the seeds of Y angchen’ s distress. The place was starting to look more like Bin-Er .
Lost in his thoughts, he bumped into a child who’d run into his path.
Kavik looked down, half expecting to see the little monk who’d conned him out of a whole silver for a tiny fruit pie. Instead, it was a kid from the Earth
Kingdom staring back, sunburned and curious.
The boy’ s mother hurried over . “Lan, don’ t wander into the street,” she scolded. The young woman leaned over to pull her son away . When she
glanced up under Kavik’ s hood, she frowned. “Do … I know you?”
Kavik held his breath. This was the woman he’d helped Y angchen save from the brink of death in the hospital the first time he’d visited. He shook
his head.
“No, I’m sure we’ve met before.” She straightened and tried to take more of him in, tucking a strand of hair behind her ear . She bit her lip. “Y ou
don’t live in the village, do you? W e would have bumped into each other .”
Neither Y angchen nor A yunerak wanted him noticed by locals who weren’ t Air Nomads. He had to cut this short. “In a hurry ,” he grunted
before turning around and fleeing into the teahouse. The sign said it was closed but the door wasn’ t locked. He could stall with the owners until the
woman went away .
Inside, he scraped his feet against an entrance mat and let his eyes adjust to the dimmer light. The A vatar could have remembered to tell him
the monks had found the kid, he groused to himself. This whole time his lingering memory of the woman they’d saved together had been tainted
with failure and the screams of a parent who’d lost a child. Not something he ever wanted to hear again.
“Can I help you?” The deep rumble of the shopkeeper was muf fled by
Kavik’ s hood.
Right. He was pretending to be a customer who’d overlooked the sign.
“Tea, please,” he said. He pulled the cover back from his head.
He’d gone dull, Kavik decided. Hiding in Bin-Er , not working, had made him lose his touch. He should have recognized the proprietor ’s voice
even through layers of fur .

Because it belonged to Akuudan. The big man stood behind the

counter. He’d been in the middle of wiping it down with a soaking rag, but

at the sight of Kavik his hand skidded to a halt.

Tayagum and Jujinta sat at a table near the wall as if they had some

long-standing tradition between them of meeting for snacks and stimulating

conversation. Tayagum’s blocky chin fell in surprise. “What the—What are

you—”

Kavik had squandered his rehearsal time. He should have come up

with a plan for running into the three people he’d worked over as badly as

he had the Avatar. He was at a loss for what to do.

Jujinta, on the other hand, must have known exactly how he’d treat the

moment, because without hesitation or changing his expression he drew a

knife and leaped over the table at Kavik, blade-first.

DEAD GIVEA WAY
Jujinta’ s silence was louder and more of f-putting than any war cry . Kavik barely managed to twist out of the way . His former partner ’s knife plunged
deep into the doorframe instead of his stomach.
Extracting the blade would take a great deal of ef fort. Normally that would mean the threat of a weapon was over , but Kavik had fought
alongside Jujinta before. The weapons portion was never over .
Sure enough, Jujinta released his grip on the first dagger and spun around, a fresh glint of steel sliding out of his sleeve into his other hand for
a backhand stab. Kavik reached across the room with his waterbending and the wet rag flew out of Akuudan’ s hand. He froze the cloth over his vitals
like a plaster just in time to catch the point of Jujinta’ s second knife.
The two of them tumbled to the ground. Jujinta landed on top and leaned into the pommel of the dagger . Kavik struggled to maintain his
armor of ice and cloth against the pressure.
“Come on, you can do better than that,” T ayagum said.
Kavik realized with some dismay he was talking to Jujinta. “I know how to stab someone, thank you very much,” Jujinta said calmly . He
hammered the end of his knife with his free hand and the ice cracked inside the fibers of the rag.
“This isn’ t funny anymore,” Kavik said, his teeth clenched. He couldn’ t be sure if Jujinta was using all his strength, but he certainly was.
“You just don’ t get the joke,” T ayagum said. “Give it time.”
“Enough.” Kavik heard Akuudan lumber over from behind the counter .
Jujinta’ s weight suddenly vanished as he was hoisted away by the back of his collar like a scruf fed croco-cat. “The A vatar must have brought him
here. No crossing him of f until we find out why . From her.”
Kavik peeled of f his makeshift layer of protection and leaned back on his knees. In a way , he was grateful they didn’ t want to hear an explanation

right now . It saved him from having to dance around the subject of the
White Lotus. “I see you’re all doing well. Nice new place of business. The market for establishments without customers must be growing.”
“Go eat coals,” T ayagum snapped. “Y ou think you can talk to us after what happened? Y ou just pop in, having fun on your grand adventure, and
turn on whomever you like. No sweat of f your back if a mission goes sideways in a foreign land! W e lived there! Do you understand?”
That was their home , Yangchen had said. The guilt that had been curdling inside him came back up wrong, a defensive spray of bile. “I never
intentionally revealed your connection to the A vatar! If anything, the message I left with Jujinta saved your lives!”
“You mean the message you tricked me into delivering,” Jujinta said,
quiet where Kavik had shouted. “Y ou used me like a pawn to do your bidding, only to turn on us in the end.”
“I had to! Or else my brother would have been exposed and killed! I
had to decide between duty and family . I-I’d make the same choice again a thousand times.”
He wasn’ t sure why he’d stuttered.
Akuudan let out a sigh. “I get it.” T ayagum looked at his husband like he’d grown stripes, but Akuudan shrugged. “The kid picked blood. I wish
more people thought the way he did.” His weariness seemed to take root in some tragedy of the past, but now was not the time to ask.
“Do you know if Chaisee ever found him out?” Jujinta asked.
“I don’ t. I haven’ t heard from him since then. If he’ s smart, he got as far away from her and the association as possible.”
“Agreed,” Jujinta said, nodding thoughtfully . “Though death would certainly be a kindness to your brother if she found out he was a spy . Pieces
of him would be draped across the entire island as an example to—”
“Thank you, Juji. I never would have remembered without your help.”
Jujinta had been inside Chaisee’ s organization far longer than Kavik and had undoubtedly seen more of her cruelties. “Best-case scenario is he’ s
laying low , like I had to.”
“Like we still are,” Tayagum said. “No one’ s sob story changes anything. In fact, I think you’re running another con on us right now .”
Kavik had only made it into Jonduri by getting past T ayagum’ s suspicions first. He didn’ t have passphrases to vouch for himself this time.

Brazenness would have to do. “Like Akuudan said, I’m here with the

Avatar’s blessing. So, what do you say we all relax, take a few deep breaths,
and wait for her to arrive? Break out the nice calming tea, if you’ve got any

in stock.”

He got up. Kneeling was for the contrite, and the goal here was to

avoid looking like a plant desperate to get back into the team’s good graces.
To that end, he drew an enraging smirk

across his face, one that had started

scuffles in Bin-Er when he needed to create a scene. He was rewarded with

furious scowls.

Kavik’s former comrades surrounded him like a containing wall, their

suspicions boxing him in. His mission with the White Lotus was going to

grind to a halt if the Avatar kept them this close by. In fact, that had

probably been her plan all along. Yangchen never intended to lose out on the deal with Ayunerak and was counting on this close circle to protect her

most valuable secrets. Tayagum made an

I’m watching you

gesture,
pointing to his own cold glare before turning his forked fingers upon Kavik.

Fine. Kavik looked around the room at the narrowed eyes, flared

nostrils, squared stances. He would outsmart every single person here if he

had to. He was already thinking of the first message he’d have to send the

White Lotus informing them the mission was going to encounter stiff

resistance when he heard the thunderous crash.

Their heads all jerked in the direction of the sound. Kavik had flown

into town with Yangchen under a clear blue sky; the noise couldn’t have

been the weather. “You’ve got to be kidding me,” he muttered.

Another cracking boom. An explosion echoing through the mountains.
Not right up close, but not far away either. The four of them in the teahouse

knew more than anyone exactly what that sound was.

Okay
, Kavik thought as he ran out the door, the other three close on his

heels.

Maybe not that stiff
.

GRA VITY
After dropping Kavik of f, Yangchen slowed Nujian’ s flight down considerably . If the crowd below rushed too fast to greet her , it could
quickly transform into a lethal stampede. It was easy to trip if your attention was focused on the clouds.
A monk from the Northern T emple swooped around the bend on his bison and fell in beside her . “Avatar ,” Mingyur said, bowing his round,
dimpled head. “W elcome back. Are you here to check on the guests—”
Yangchen lifted her hand. “Please, Brother ,” she said. “W e’ll talk about them later , in private.”
He nodded and loosened his reins so his bison, Fengbao, could playfully butt against her younger brother Nujian. They came from the
same parents but in dif ferent litters, separated by a few years, and while they didn’ t get to see each other often, their bond remained resolute.
While Fengbao chomped on Nujian’ s ear, eliciting a bellow , Mingyur glanced over the saddle behind Y angchen. “I see Chief Oyaluk was as
generous as ever .” He pursed his lips and for a second she thought Kavik had left an obvious trace of his presence behind. “What happened to your
glider?”
She didn’ t want to deal with his reaction. “It’ s there, somewhere.”
“You really should keep it closer , for your own safety . I make sure my men always have their staves when they’re on duty .”
She appreciated the vigilance. Despite his cheery nature, Mingyur was a skilled fighter and a natural pick to lead the squad of Northern monks who
guarded the members of Unanimity .
Yangchen watched the bison siblings lock horns. Her smile slowly faded.
Mingyur was barely five years older than her and still hadn’ t received his arrows. He wasn’ t some grizzled mercenary like Thapa and the other

members of Unanimity he watched over . He didn’ t have “men” and he should never have had to order his brothers to remain armed at all times.
The Northern Air T emple had been infiltrated by thoughts and languages of the other nations. And it was Y angchen’ s fault. She didn’ t
have guests; she had prisoners. By bringing them here, by prizing a fellow
Air Nomad’ s ability for violence, she’d opened the gates to such behavior .
Every move she made took her further away from the person she was supposed to be.
She pressed the heel of her hand against her nose until it hurt. Abbot
Sonam was afraid becoming jailors would corrupt the monks, but Y angchen was losing her grip on herself the fastest.
Ahead was a grassy slope underneath the surrounding clif fs that often served as her touchdown point. Y angchen pulled Nujian away from
Fengbao. The growing crowd cheered and clapped as she descended. She had rarely felt less worthy of applause.
After landing, she tossed Nujian’ s reins to a handler and slid down to the grass on a ramp of air . Below her , people from every nation packed the
tilting field, expectant. Breaths bated. Yangchen used to be able to visit the town without having to come up with a speech each time.
Not in the mood. Not in the mood. Not in the mood . “Friends!” she said, her smile warm and wide so they could see it from the back rows. “It
heartens me to see you prosper in my absence.” Behind her audience stretched the newly constructed portions of the town, erosion already
forming gaps between the floors of the huts and the earth underneath. She could spot new refuse piles grown waist high. “I …”
I what? Sooner or later there would be nothing left to say . She felt like a bird searching a dry plain with a nest of hungry chicks behind her . Feed
us wor ds, feed us wisdom, feed us for ever. “I …”
The tremor in the earth reached her feet before her ears caught the sound of the explosion.
Shamefully , her mind went to the wrong places first. The lies she’d have to tell to smooth this complication over . An entire village would need to be