Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Micah Fleming (Part 1)

Published in 2023 by Amulet Books, an imprint of ABRAMS. All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means,
mechanical, electronic, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission from the publisher
.
Amulet Books are available at special discounts when purchased in quantity for premiums and promotions as well as fundraising or educational use. Special editions can also be created to
specification. For details, contact specialsales@abramsbooks.com or the address below
.
Amulet Books® is a registered trademark of Harry N. Abrams, Inc.

AB RAMS

The Art of Books
195 Broadway, New York, NY 10007
abramsbooks.com

For Karen,
who has seen my entire author career so far.
And to whom I’d like to show the rest
.

DEPTHS
Chaisee understood from an early age that to be successful, you needed to be willing to go further than others thought possible.
To wit—the villagers of her little unnamed island dove for prized cucumber -sponges far below the glistening surface of the waters, where
sunlight faded and ears threatened to burst. No one in the Mo Ce considered such a feat viable or worth the risk.
But Chaisee’ s people ignored the prevailing wisdom. W ithout the aid of waterbending, they trained their bodies to accept the pressure, their
minds to embrace the signals that they were dying. Dive after dive, they forced their way farther into the depths and scraped their hands raw against
the slimy spikes of the reef to come up with little puf fballs of a creature that, once carefully killed and dried, would fetch a generous string of coins
on the open market.
She and her fellow villagers willingly took on the often-fatal endeavor again and again so they might eat for another season. And faraway nobles
washed their faces with the cured exteriors of cucumber -sponges, the softest touch known in the Four Nations. A mutually beneficial agreement based
on one party’ s willingness to torture themselves and the other side’ s complete distaste for the slightest physical discomfort.
As Chaisee grew older , she began to manage the village’ s books. She took over from her father the negotiations with haulers who came to collect
the sponges, pearls, dried shellfish meat—the secret was to spy on other suppliers while using uncharted islands as stashes to control market prices.
She had no reason to suspect her future would contain any disturbances to this arrangement other than the occasional monsoon.
The ship that broke the cycle arrived with battened sails and swooping foredecks. Strangely , it bore flags of both the Fire Nation and the Earth
Kingdom. The party that came ashore in longboats was led by junior

ambassadors from both countries. In front of Chaisee’ s assembled village,
they read a proclamation decreeing that the inhabitants of this island would no longer be allowed to produce certain goods of the sea. By a vanishingly
rare agreement between Earth King and Fire Lord, the exclusive rights had been granted to some merchant they’d never heard of in a faraway city that
was completely landlocked.
This can’ t be, Chaisee’ s father had said, hushing her with a raised hand. Suddenly the negotiator again. We protest this decision. Y ou must at
least give us the chance to formulate a r esponse . To buy time, he resorted to their island’ s customs of hospitality . Let us entertain you tonight as honor ed
guests. W e can talk of bar gains in the morning .
The of ficials agreed. They needed to reprovision and take on fresh water anyway . While the ship’ s quartermaster negotiated the purchase and
loading of supplies, a feast was quickly put together for the important visitors and their crew .
The general nervousness among the villagers ebbed as they shared good food and drink with the sailors around the burning fire in the square.
The meal would remind these strangers that the island was home to families like theirs and that a measure of humanity should prevail over dictums sent
from afar .
Chaisee did not partake wholeheartedly . She stayed removed and observed, as was her habit, which meant she saw in full when one of the
sailors picked up a torch and flung it into the lar gest hut. Like one might offer a bone to a guard animal. She wasn’ t fast enough to stop him or speak
out.
The building was the one used to store the drying cucumber -sponges,
and in their raw state the dusty , porous bodies of the sea creatures were better than the best tinder . The roof blew out with a roar , spewing heat and
flame and embers over the adjacent huts. The fire spread so fast that half the village was ablaze before the screaming started.
Chaisee remembered the reactions of the ambassadors who had obviously given the order , their faces lit by the blooming, dancing flames.
They rolled their eyes, snorted in contempt, and departed as calmly as they came. Annoyed with the whole af fair at best. Her father was too distraught,
occupied with fighting the fire, to prevent the outsiders from reaching their longboats and leaving the shore unimpeded.

She watched the delegation go, understanding that a confrontation would have achieved nothing. The letters they bore granted them the power
and voice of their rulers. There were no criminals here; her livelihood burning away was the law enacted. She might as well have tried to exact
justice from the leaders of the Four Nations themselves. What fool could aspire to that?
We wer en’t strong enough to keep this fr om happening , she thought as her neighbors desperately tried to carry water to the fire in buckets, gourds,
cupped hands, wailing as their futures dissolved into smoke. We didn’ t have the right friends .
Working yourself to the brink of oblivion was pointless if you couldn’ t defend the life you made. Maneuvers, deals, negotiations were simply
dance steps. Pageantry . The true arbiter waiting at the end of the performance was violence.
Chaisee’ s ruined village was a kiln that baked the lesson into shape.
She kept it in mind as she sought work on islands closer to the of ficial Fire
Nation archipelago. The form held hard and without cracks as she made her name in trade, mastering the codes of business spoken in every country
while accumulating leverage over her partners and rivals alike. When the
Platinum Af fair clamped across the world, she was quick to see opportunity and predicted correctly how it would condense power even further into a
few hands.
By the time she became eligible for the role of Zongdu in Jonduri, the war had already been fought and won. In the minds of the shangs, there
were no rational choices other than Chaisee to lead the city . Her selection was unanimous.
In many ways, Zongdu Henshe, her counterpart in Bin-Er , was of a similar mindset as Chaisee. Though he was a fool who squandered
information and resources with no regard for strategy or long-term consequences, he had successfully ground her plans to a halt by threatening
to turn over everything he knew to the Earth King. He’d stolen the fruits of her labor , her means of becoming immune to harm in all the ways her little
childhood village was not.
Henshe’ s waywardness had posed a greater threat than any of the brilliant men and women whom Chaisee had tangled with in the past. The
wise could be counted on to do what was wise; there was no predicting the

actions of a buf foon. But now Henshe was gone, and with him her assets.
Chaisee had been left without a move. She could only sit and wait.
“Mistress.” Chaisee’ s newest attendant announced herself, pausing on the warped floorboard by the door of the nursery . Each shift of the girl’ s
socked feet produced a squeak like a pained bird. “Mistress, you have a—”
The baby woke. A scorching wail rose from the teak crib in the corner .
Chaisee rubbed her forehead, taking care not to cover her face completely . “I just got him to sleep!” She had to raise her voice, something
she never used to do, in order to be heard.
“I’m sorry , Mistress, but you have a letter and—”
“Leave it and get out!” The attendant scurried over , laid the envelope on the desk in the nursery , and fled for her life.
She didn’ t see Chaisee drop her snarl as soon as she was gone. The girl would report back to Fire Lord Gonryu that her mistress was cracking under
the strain, uncharacteristically showing more emotion. Perhaps frustrated by her child. Distracted, and therefore less of a threat.
Nothing could be further from the truth. Chaisee’ s son was a sharp reminder for her to stay focused. And his cries were a perfect deterrent to
eavesdroppers. T aking her time, as calm as if she were listening to the serenade of a babbling brook, Chaisee opened the letter . She drew a chair
over to the crib and rocked it gently while she read.
The message was nonsense. But it was written in a hand she recognized and contained hidden signals that let her know exactly where to
find the person who’d sent it.
Her son quieted down, but she knew he would start howling again if she stopped rocking. Perhaps his skin was prone to rashes. A frustrating
prospect, when she already bathed him with cucumber -sponges, which were much more expensive these days than back when she was a girl. She went
through an amount that would have made her younger self gasp, but there was no softer touch she could resort to.
Chaisee folded the paper back up with one hand and looked around.
The nursery she’d constructed in the mountaintop estate was dark and cool,
a respite from the sweltering heat outside. But the entire house would pass to the next Zongdu of Jonduri once her term ended.
She’d have to leave this place behind soon and start over again. Those were the rules laid out by the heads of state, who never had to worry about

moving on from what they’d built while they were still alive. The Avatar,
young Yangchen, was like that too. She would be the bridge between

humans and spirits for her own little eternity before she passed and a new

Avatar was born.

There were a lot of powerful people in the way of Chaisee’s ambitions,
laying exclusive claim to permanence. They’d be sovereigns of their

domains until the very day they died, never having to fear their status being

stripped away, never knowing what it was like to be naked and vulnerable.

Chaisee could be the last person standing among them, if she chose the

right path, proved herself willing to go to depths beyond reckoning, and

remained a step ahead of the other players in a game that could reshape the

Four Nations themselves. An outrageous folly, but one she had the means

for. And the will.

She looked at the letter again and smiled. With the right incentives,
anything was possible.

ADORA TION
“You only win at keep-away because you’re taller ,” Yangchen said. She remained motionless, not grabbing for the airball held within reach.
Jetsun pushed the wicker sphere closer to Y angchen’ s face. “Really .
Nice excuse for never learning.”
“I can’ t learn how to be taller! And it’ s not a fair game if you always start with the ball! W e never switch places!”
The airball loomed lar ger, the moon threatening to plunge into the ocean. “Come on,” Jetsun said. “Make a move.”
As soon as Y angchen did, she’d give away some tell and Jetsun would react quicker than a hummingfly’ s wings, read her intentions, and retreat
just far enough to make her think she still had a chance. “No. Not this time.
Neutral jing.”
“Bwomp,” Jetsun said, pushing the ball lightly against the tip of
Yangchen’ s nose.
That settled it. Y angchen shut her eyes. Jetsun couldn’ t predict which way she would go if she didn’ t know herself. She lunged blindly , flailing
her arms randomly about, and only once she’d clapped her hands around the prize and successfully torn it away from her sister ’s grip did she open her
eyes again. “Ha! Eat dust—”
Instead of the airball, Y angchen was holding on to a pulsing light, her hands lost in its undefined edges. Jetsun was standing a few feet away ,
deathly still. The older nun’ s eyes were blank and without reflection,
anchored in the distance behind Y angchen. Her lips were blue. Y angchen had torn Jetsun’ s spirit from her body . No accusation, no voice told her so,
but she knew beyond a shadow of a doubt.
She tried giving it back. The first instinct of a child who’d gleefully killed a bug but then regretted it. She pushed the light toward Jetsun. Here.
Your turn. False start. I’m sorry . Never meant to .

But injuries couldn’ t be undone. No healing reversed time. As
Yangchen advanced with the light, Jetsun retreated, floating just out of reach, never moving more than necessary to confirm Y angchen’ s crime.
Take it back. Please, take it back . Yangchen was no longer pleading with Jetsun but the spirits, the Four Nations, the universe. Please. I’ll do
anything .
As Y angchen gave chase, her feet splashing against emptiness, tendrils of mist enclosed Jetsun, as if her sister were being webbed by a spider -fly.
A corpse shroud of fog, and only when Jetsun’ s mouth was about to be covered did she part her lips to say—
“Aagh!”
Yangchen woke with a start, her head snapping up from the desk. A
paper came with her; drool had glued the document to her cheek. She swiped at her face, briefly thinking she was under attack, the victim of some
kind of screening maneuver , until she regained her bearings.
The cold was the first sign, the cramped, drafty wood paneling the next. She was in the tiny room on the upper floor of the Bin-Er gathering
hall that she’d commandeered for an of fice. Y angchen rubbed her eyes. This place was going to become her tomb.
Jetsun. There but not there. Of all the lives that could have haunted
Yangchen in her sleep, it had to be her own. Jetsun’ s presence must have been a dream, not a memory , because in it they were about the same age.
I’m on the ver ge of catching up , Yangchen thought.
The dream was accurate enough. One way or another , she was responsible for Jetsun’ s death by the severance of her spirit. The younger
version of herself, the current version of herself, it didn’ t matter . It was her fault Jetsun had died.
A knock came at the door . “You were late before,” Boma said from the other side. “Now you’re very late.”
“What do you mean before?” Her guardian normally eased her into the mornings.
She could hear Boma grunt, the sound of a sigh being plugged. “Y ou asked for a few more minutes. I left and came back. The shangs are
waiting.” He lowered his voice. “So is the inspector .”
Yangchen didn’ t remember the conversation. She must have been sleep-talking. She’d worked throughout the night above the room where the

meeting was supposed to take place, napped on top of her documents, and she still wasn’ t on time. “Where’ s my staf f?”
“You left it by your chair downstairs.”
An important heirloom sitting there for gotten, for all to see. She swore at herself. You’re a mess. Get it together .
She scrambled to get ready as best she could, gathering her hair and checking in a mirror that ink hadn’ t bled onto her face. Reluctantly she shed
the blankets around her shoulders. She couldn’ t be seen clinging to comforts.
Strength , she told herself. Contr ol. Don’ t worry that you’r e walking away fr om your sister .
Yangchen joined Boma outside the of fice and he followed her down the spiraling stairs to the ground floor . The main room was barred by
double doors, and she pushed them open with air pressure. The gesture was more dramatic than she intended, her arrival announced by a gale of wind.
Loose papers tumbled down the aisles. Gasps came from the seats.
And before Boma had to say anything, the people waiting for her in the grand hall stood as one. “The A vatar ,” he declared, trying to catch up.
The shangs of Bin-Er . The select group of merchants who controlled the flow of international trade to and from the city . “Apologies for my
tardiness,” Y angchen said to the assembly .
“No need, Mistress A vatar ,” replied Shang T eiin, one of the more senior representatives. “Y our presence is a blessing no matter the
circumstances.”
Next to him, a woman wearing earrings made from pearls the size of grapes lowered her head. The dangling jewelry pointed to the floor as she
bowed. “W e’re ready—W e’re excited to discuss the next phase of your proposals,” said Noehi, who’d once made sport of mocking Y angchen when
she thought she could get away with it.
Half a year had produced a marked shift in attitude among the powerful men and women who’d originally fought her ef forts to aid the
poor in Bin-Er . Afraid of being implicated in the disaster that led to three unimaginably powerful Firebenders causing havoc over the city , they’d
seen the wisdom in partnering with Y angchen. If they failed to dance in tune together , the merchants would lose their heads for treason against the

Earth King. And Y angchen would become one of the greatest failures in
Avatar history—a history she could remember in excruciating detail.
“Shall we begin?” Noehi asked. Her gaze darted to Y angchen’ s empty seat on top of the central dais, and then to a man behind it at the recorder ’s
desk, slightly of f to the side. He was a heavily bundled of ficial from Ba
Sing Se whose brush moved faster than a master musician’ s fingers. As he glanced up from his pad of papers and made eye contact with Noehi, her
lips twitched in fear .
For the sake of the spirits, don’ t look at him like that , Yangchen thought. You’re acting suspicious alr eady .
Inspector Gu watched silently as Y angchen sat down on her throne-like chair . She could feel his presence next to her , a hungry maw sucking in
information to bring back to the Earth King. “Y es, let’ s,” she said. She noticed her glider -staff leaning against the armrest, right where Boma had
said it was, like a lonely stalk of grain. “I could use some tea as well.”
One of the shangs’ attendants scampered of f to fetch refreshments. The meeting began in earnest. Besides needing to keep the secret of the balanceshattering Firebenders out of the Earth King’ s hands, Y angchen and the
merchants were also on the hook for keeping business as usual flowing through the city .
So far , they’d succeeded. W ith the A vatar present to check the shangs’
worst practices, Bin-Er was turning its reputation around and becoming known as a place of fair dealing. The population was growing faster than
anyone had anticipated.
Yangchen rattled of f the numbers she’d stayed awake last night preparing. “Based on my recent counts, the city needs at least four new
wells, or else sickness will become an increasing danger”—she paused,
considering Gu sitting behind her—“to prosperity . A plague, accelerated by a lack of fresh water , would certainly damage revenue streams.”
She despised how she had to frame everything in terms of wealth lost and gained to appeal to her audience. But Szeto-like ef ficiency was what
she’d promised. She had to deliver .
Shang T eiin stood up to respond. He adjusted the heavy cap on his head, a concession to his age and the cold. The flare of gold embroidery on
its peak made him look like a candle. Y angchen forced away a pang of envy for the heavy fur cape around his shoulders. The hole she’d wrecked in the

side of the building had been bricked shut, but a draft still snuck through the cracks.
“These measures are indeed wise,” T eiin said. “But they’re an unplanned expense. Expert benders who can reach the water table without
disrupting the city above will not come cheap.”
This city is made of money , you stone-in-the-r oad. Despite their survival hinging upon working smoothly with the A vatar , the shangs still
found it in them to drag their feet. “If you’re refusing, you can come out and say so,” Y angchen said.
Noehi took over from T eiin. “It’ s not that we’re refusing,” she said.
“It’s just that we’re a bit … stretched.” The embarrassment written across her face told Y angchen she wasn’ t lying. “A lar ge portion of our funds were
tied up in arrangements and loans made with Zongdu Henshe. He still hasn’ t surfaced.”
That was because Zongdu Henshe currently sat in a makeshift jail at the Northern Air T emple, sequestered from the world by the orders of
Yangchen herself. If Henshe were free to roam, he’d sell the secrets of the
Firebenders to the highest bidder the first chance he got.
“Henshe was the center of a web of promises,” Noehi went on. “In his absence the strands have collapsed. Our outstanding dues to T aku, Port
Tuugaq, and Jonduri are quite substantial. W e genuinely don’ t have the cash on hand to af ford another project.”
Yangchen pinched her nose shut so she wouldn’ t burst out laughing.
The shangs of Bin-Er owed money to their peers, like a farmer in hock.
Why not? They’d made deals beyond their means, thinking it safe. And now people might not have water .
Servants returned with the tea. It came in the Y unoi style, served in the same lar ge ceramic bowl the powder was whisked in. Y angchen stared at
her drink, circling the green liquid around and around.
Teiin grew uncomfortable with her silence. “A vatar , perhaps we can delay the wells. The issue may solve itself, or perhaps there will be a—”
“Give me your hat,” Y angchen said.
“I’m sorry?”
She looked up from her bowl. “I said, give me your hat.”
Inspector Gu’ s brush stopped moving, a remarkable occurrence. T eiin glanced over his shoulder for another version of himself she might have

been addressing. “Are you cold, A vatar? W e could light a brazier .”
The shangs behind him didn’ t dare make a sound. They kept their mouths shut out of confusion and fear .
“Master T eiin,” Y angchen said, making sure she could be heard throughout the whole hall, “come up here, take of f your hat, and give it to
me.”
Do it or I will bring mutual ruin upon us all . The silent declaration at the end of every sentence these days. W as the young A vatar mad enough to
upset the delicate performance they’d crafted, over an item so trivial, to prove a point?
The chance couldn’ t be risked. T eiin pulled his cap of f and shuf fled forward, slowly , as if stuck in a greeting queue. “I meant no disrespect by
covering my head in your presence—”
“Shh.” Y angchen took the hat from him and put it in her lap before he could wring it between his bony hands and ruin the shape. Not done yet, she
turned to Noehi. “Mistress. Remove your earrings. Give them to me. Now .”
Noehi’ s hands went to the sides of her head. She snagged herself in her haste and winced. Once the jewelry was free, she brought it to the dais. On
impulse, Y angchen drained her tea in one gulp and held out her bowl, still damp with dregs. Noehi hesitated before dropping the pearls into the vessel.
They made a hollow clatter against the glazed surface, the sound of gambler ’s dice.
Yangchen rolled the pearls around, the twin spheres chasing each other like the koi of the Northern Spirit Oasis. In some ways, she was sitting for a
portrait right now . Inspector Gu, and therefore the Earth King, and therefore the Four Nations, were watching.
So far , the message was clear . “You … would have us sell our possessions to cover the cost of the wells,” T eiin said. You’re blackmailing
us further .
I am. Yangchen could leave it there, exerting her power without another word. She told herself behind drawn curtains and in empty rooms
that she hated resorting to such measures. But how much could she claim to despise the rules of the game if she kept sitting down to play?
She jostled the pearls. They looked like the contents of a begging bowl, used to collect alms for survival. A useful poetic device.

“Wealth,” she said, starting of f slowly . “Assets. Baggage, burdens,
sentiments, expectations. W e cling to weights, afraid of being free.”
Yangchen shook the tea bowl the way one of her brothers or sisters might do in the streets of a town they’d never visited before, where they didn’ t
have a local friend to rely on and a volunteer host was not forthcoming. A
few shangs hesitatingly chuckled.
“It is always tempting to stand back and assume matters will sort themselves out,” Y angchen said. “But I tell you now , there is no one left to
wait for . It is we who must act.”
An unprompted bout of selflessness from the shangs, in the magnitude she needed to pay for the wells, could tip of f Gu that a suspicious deal was
in motion. She needed to create a story that would cover her tracks and fit the image of a leader who appealed solely to people’ s better natures.
Yangchen reached over and took her staf f that had waited patiently by the chair . Airbenders either crafted their own gliders or received them as
gifts from treasured friends. Jetsun had made this one for her . Yangchen had complained about it being too big and unwieldy at first, but she’d grown
into the length perfectly , as if her sister had been able to see her future.
She tossed the staf f before her feet, purposely letting it clatter against the floor , a rough, uncouth sound. “I will sell my staf f to help obtain the
money we need,” she said. “Surely it has some value as a relic.”
Another gasp rippled through the room. Possessions of the A vatar belonged in the temples and shrines of the Four Nations, or at the very least
in the treasure rooms of state palaces. Pawning her regalia was not supposed to be a thing Y angchen could do.
She saw the horror in Boma’ s eyes from all the way across the aisles.
“Master T eiin, Mistress Noehi,” Y angchen said. “Y ou may have your belongings back. I cannot force you to join me.”
I am absolutely for cing you to join me . Not only did the threat of the
Firebenders remain, but like in Pai Sho, starting positions mattered. T o refuse the A vatar would require action, snatching back the prizes from
where they lay . What kind of monster would reach into the bowl of a pleading Air Nomad?
Yangchen’ s ungracious demands had happened moments ago, ancient and for gotten history . Teiin was quick to understand the dynamic. “There is
a problem, A vatar ,” he said. He let his frown linger long enough so its

transformation into a kindly , wrinkled smile could be noted by Gu. “Y ou’ll need more than my hat.”
The old man was a good actor when he needed to be. He shrugged of f his furs and laid them in a bundle next to Yangchen’ s staf f. Noehi followed,
reaching at the back of her neck to undo the clasp of a pendant, but her elbow was bumped by another shang rushing forward with a purse heavy
enough to bludgeon an ostrich-horse unconscious.
A wave of valuables piled in front of the dais as her audience found their giving spirits. Some of the merchants might not have grasped the
significance of the ploy and were simply going along with the group. A few might have been genuinely moved. Y angchen spotted the servant who had
brought her tea standing in the back, the girl’ s eyes shining as she bore witness to the A vatar ’s feat of inspiration.
Yangchen looked away before she made herself sick.
“Quite stirring back there,” Inspector Gu said.
The pudgy , mild-faced man walked beside her down the hallway in private, as Zongdu Henshe had once done. This time she was the one bound
to the city , the expert in its ways, and Gu was the visitor . “I don’ t think you’ll have to suf fer the loss for long though,” he said. “I’m sure whoever
ends up purchasing your staf f will gift it back to you. The act would earn them much spiritual merit.”
“No. I said I would go without it, and I mean to.” Her whole message the first time she came to Bin-Er was that the powerful could make do with
less. If she escaped through a loophole, the shangs would certainly follow .
And besides, the servant had seen her promise. She would tell her friends the story of an A vatar who’d laid down her wings for the good of
the people, and from there the story would spread. Y angchen couldn’ t tarnish her own actions by flying over the denizens of the city like her word
to them meant nothing.
Gu looked surprised she wasn’ t taking the easy route. “W on’t that be inconvenient?”
“The purpose of life isn’ t convenience!”