Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 11)

with Kavik by the time she reached Jonduri. Still, she’d gotten as lucky as she could. There hadn’ t been a leap of weeks or months as reported by
some unfortunate storytellers who’d wandered between worlds. “The children will be released from their illness,” she said. “Provided more
conditions are met.”
Lohi shuddered in relief. “I’m glad the spirits accepted our sacrifice.
This was a devastating blow to our clan’ s honor , but with time we may put this unpleasantness—”
“You may not regrow your hair for fifty years.”
“—behind us . . . I’m sorry , did you say fifty years ?”
“Five hundred moons, to be exact. That is how long the spirits of your island declared you must hold your dishonor . You do not get to reset the
scales after a single act of penance. And there’ s more.”
While Lohi was still caught up in his initial shock, Yangchen listed the taboos the Saow on would have to observe in order to appease the phoenixeels. Some of them inconveniences. Others, serious hits to their coffers, or
quirks of behavior that would most certainly exclude them from the rituals and celebrations of power in the Fire Nation.
Lohi reeled as if she were kickin g him in the stomach with each decree.
“We’ll be humiliated for a generation!” he cried in sheer disbelief. “We’ll never be able to contend at court! Our rivals will dance on our heads! You
were supposed to fix this!”
Forgotten were the children. Lohi’s hands curled into shapes that once fully formed, could lead to regret. “You can’t do this to us!” He took a step
forward he didn’ t need to take.
There it was. The calm young man who would likely describe himself as the most rational member of his clan had turned into a slighte d bundle of
raw nerves. Yangchen sliced downward with her hand, and the weight of the sky dropped on his back, forcing him to halt and stoop.
She leaned down and spoke directly into his ear, so he could hear her over the rushing wind. “I have done nothing to you. We arrived here
through your clan’ s actions. You were in control the whole time. And you can undo the bargain in an instant. Simply violate the boundary again. Let
me know what form a twice-betrayed spirit takes.”
Yangchen let up the torrent. While his face was still lowered, Lohi took a deep gulp of still air and composed himself. He rose, wearing an

apologetic mask. “Forgive me, Avatar . It’s just . . . unbearable to think about. The Saowon will be much diminished.”
“But the next generation will live. With enough time, they might flourish. Is that not worth it?” Yangchen would have to swallow a dose of
humility herself. “You have lost the melon,” she said, pulling out a proverb.
“Hang on to the sesame, no?”
The spark of recognition flickered in Lohi’ s eyes. It was an obscure saying of Avatar Szeto’ s, not often heard outside the Fire Nation. Sugaring
the choice with her predecessor ’s wisdom would make it more palatable.
“I will talk to the other clan leaders,” Lohi said. “It will be the most difficult task of my life, but I will talk to them.”
Difficult. She wanted to laugh . Would he fault the members of his family who thought they had impunity , went against their word, and
angered the spirits? Or would he lay the blame at Yangchen’ s feet? She knew which option was more convenient, and convenience ruled kings and
peasants alike.
Yangchen asked to be shown to her bison. She had to get out of here and check on Kavik. The more she thought about it, the less likely it was that a
boy who would wriggle through a block of sheer ice and follo w a strange girl to the other side of the world would be the type to sit quietly and not get
into any trouble.
Nujian waited for her in an outdoor pen, surrounded by stable hands.
Yangchen dismissed Lohi and the attendants, neither she nor the young nobleman in the mood for a formal farewell. It occurred to her that he’d
waited for her alone not out of any sense of personal duty, but so he could control her message to his clan.
She leaped onto Nujian’ s withers and heard a crinkle. Patting underneath her, she found a piece of paper , folded into an envelope but
without a seal. She frowned and looked around before opening it.
Greetings, A vatar . Chaisee her e.
Yangchen sprang to her feet on top of the saddle. She spun on her toes,
searching the grassy field again for watchers. She had been gone long enough for a hawk to travel from Jonduri to Ma’inka, and long enough that
anyone could have planted the letter , even Lohi himself. The zongdu who did not trust birds had no qualms about violating her own rules.

She wanted to crumple and toss the paper out of spite, to veer away from what was undoubtedly another carefully planned manipulation by
Chaisee, but that would have accomplished nothing. She read further .
Given our new partnership in charity , I’m hoping we can be less formal with each other . By now you will either have solved the Saowon’ s spiritual
problems or let them drink fully of the bitterness they concocted for themselves. If you’r e wondering how I know the full story , well, it’s amazing
what you can learn about someone if you hold their debts.
I would wager you found a perfect solution, Avatar , because I believe in you. And I am not alone in that faith. Why, the other day I met a boy from
Bin-Er , seeking employment from me. He believed in you a great deal as well, right up to the very end of our conversation.
The bottom dropped out of Y angchen’ s stomach. Kavik.
I told you once that I could teach you how to deal with spies. The first step is catching them. Do you know the best way to catch a spy , Avatar?
The first half of a koan. But all koans were taunts to some extent, the enlightened mocking the uninitiated. Chaisee’ s faint smile of victory was
stamped all over the answer to this one.
You open your door and invite them in.
OceanofPDF .com

LOOSE ENDS
After taking their wounded compatriot away for medical attention, the association mem bers drifted in and out of the building, mostly out, until
very few were left. The ones who remained refused to talk to Jujinta, and by extension, Jujinta’ s brand-new partner .
Kavik didn’ t mind. Thanks to Kalyaan, he knew what an inherited shunning felt like.
What he was less comfortable with was having to watch Jujinta’ s postvictory ritual, which started with deep, fervent prayer to some unknown spirit. The knife thrower scratched a series of marks into the wall, triangles
upon cross marks upon straigh t lines, until an intricate geome tric pattern emer ged that somewhat resemb led a bird spreading its wings. Kneeling in
front of it, he whispered to himself, eyes closed, his mutters sounding like angry condemna tions of some past unfor givable crime, far worse than the
light stabbing he’d given Shigoro.
Well, that’ s not cr eepy at all, Kavik thought.
When Jujinta was finished, he came over and sat down on the same bench Kavik was on. Even the way the guy rested was disturbing. He sat as
if the back wall would contaminate him by touch and stared straight ahead the whole time, barely blinkin g. It would have been perfect meditation
posture had it not looked like his muscles were fighting each other in a vicious stalemate.
After a while, the silence became too much. “You a bender?” Kavik asked him.
It wasn’ t idle conversation. If things went Shigoro-shaped between them, Kavik wanted to know if he would need to deal with surprise fire.
Hiding your ability was a common enough ploy in the errand-running business, useful for temporary advantages— ha-ha, secret bender out of
nowher e!—and Jujinta’ s impeccable blade skills would have been the perfect distraction. People could be good at two things.

Jujinta frowned, having understood the logic behind the question. And he didn’ t like it at all, being pried into. Not one bit. “No,” he snarled
without turning his head.
He could have been lying, but Kavik felt his body language told true.
He thought the matter settled until after a whole minute, the Fire National retorted. “Y ou anything but?”
Kavik squinted at his benchmate. Well, nuts to you too, buddy .
Tael came over to interrupt the slow-moving exchange. “It’ s time.”
“There’ s been enough light for an hour already ,” Kavik said. His knees were stif f from sitting so long.
“Yeah, but we need the currents going the right way too. Or else you’ll be ground up by the Limpet’ s Teeth and spat back onto the beaches. Come
on.”
The older man led Jujinta and Kavik toward the back of the hall. A
sweet, meaty stink, even more powerful than the default fishiness, crept through this end of the building. A washed-up land animal, rotting
overnight? There was an intestinal rankness not born of the sea lying somewhere underneath. Tael pushed open a wide set of doors, letting the
new daylight in over a small gravel beach. “Here’ s your first job,” he said.
“Disposal duty .”
Kavik shielded his eyes from the sun at first, but quickly switched his hands, clamping his mouth shut. Hot bile leaked past his fingers. Laid on a
bed of seaweed, next to silvery fish too ugly and oily to sell, were a pair of dead bodies, beginning to bloat.
One of them was Qiu.
Kavik’ s mad scramble only lasted a few paces before he emptied his stomach over the surf-polished pebbles. He had the distinct sensation of
people other than Tael parting way for him to be sick. A few of them chuckled.
“First time with a raw corpse, huh?” someone said, not unkind ly. “It’ll getcha, for sure.”
Kavik clutched his midsection and spat and spat and spun around.
Seeing the bottoms of Qiu’s swelling purple feet made him retch again.
Why was he—his body here? Why wasn’ t he in T aku?

“Everyone here has just seen the persons named Kavik and Jujinta get on a boat with a fellow dressed like a high official from the Earth Kingdom
and a youth with pockmarked skin wearing the latest fashion from Bin-Er and go on a voyage,” Tael announced. “Only Jujinta and Kavik came back.
There must have been foul play. We’ll testify as such, should authorities from outside Jonduri come asking.”
Tael rubbed an itchy eye. “New guy. This is how we keep you loyal.
Guilt by associa tion. Be glad we respect the law in these parts. I’ve heard the real unsavory criminal-type groups in the Earth Kingdom force their
new members to foul the play themselves.”
“What did these two do to get so unlucky?” Jujinta asked, unperturbed.
“They’re spies. And if there’ s one thing the boss-boss does not like, it’s spies.”
Tael went in for a closer look at the Earth Kingdom official . Kavik couldn’ t compre hend how he managed not to gag. He lifted the man’ s
drooping, foot-long beard and let it fall again. “He’ s the real deal, a sage.
This other one”—he nudged Qiu’s body with his foot and Kavik felt the toe in his own ribs—“is a broker come bearing gifts way too big for his worth.
That’ s the surest way to tell someone’ s a plant attempt.”
The envelope. The envelope he’d stolen from the Avatar ’s room . Kavik had put the cause of Qiu’ s death into his own hands.
“Come on, get them into the boat before you miss your windo w,” Tael said. “Y ou want to be rowing with the tides, not against them.”
Kavik had to be prodded toward Qiu’s head. Jujinta squatted down and grabbed the body by the ankles , rolling up the salt-eaten trousers to get a
better grip on the clammy gray flesh underneath. “Lift with your knees,” he grunted.
Far, far away , over the horizon. That was where Kavik had to send his mind, in order not to begin shrieking uncontrollably when he took Qiu by
the wrists and his former broker ’s dead fingers flopped in reciprocation around his own. He barely looked away in time to avoid Qiu’s head lolling
backward to accuse him of murder with slack, open jaws.
He dipped in and out of coherence. He was vaguely aware of two thuds hitting the bottom of a skiff, and then he and Jujinta were out to sea, each of

them rowing an oar .
“So what you’re going to do is encase the corpses in a block of sea ice,”
he heard Jujinta say. “We push the ice and let it float away . By the time it melts, the curre nt will have taken it to a shark-squid feeding ground, and
there won’ t be any remains left to identify .”
Kavik hadn’ t remembered Tael giving them instructions. They must have gone over them while he was wrapped in blankness. Or maybe his
partner already knew how to dispose of murder victims.
It was easier to freeze water around Qiu and the other man, new best friends in burial, once he got some momentum going. He could pretend he
was layering ice upon ice. The foot sticking out, he quickly covered. There was no kernel to the mass if he couldn’ t see it.
As the little iceber gs drifted away , Jujinta prayed, again.
The rest of the job passed like the sun behind clouds. Rowing back to shore. Tael telling them they did good, and they should report for more
work next week. Jujinta’ s stare drilling into Kavik’ s back as he navigated from one end of the gambling parlor to the other—that’ s where this fever
dream had begun, right? A gambling parlor? Kavik was no longer sure.
He staggered home in broad daylight, past the wet market. The sound of cleavers thwack ing into their bloody blocks made him want to throw up
again. On the boat, Jujinta had offered to do some knifework— to make the pieces smaller , that’s why Tael had sent them both—but Kavik at least had
the wherewithal to refuse any more indignities upon the deceased.
No, not home exactly , the safe house. Muscle memory developed in
Bin-Er kept him from breaking cover and taking the most direct route. He remembered to pause every so often and sweep for tails. When he burst
through the inn doors, surprising Akuudan and Tayagum, he could say with confidence he hadn’ t been follow ed. Once he regained the abilit y to string a
sentence together .
The Avatar was waiting for him. By the looks of it, she’d just beat him there, maybe by minutes. Her disguise lay in a pile, a cloak and a wide hat,
a simpler getup than the one in Bin-Er , put together in haste. She sprang to her feet when she saw him.
“You’re alive,” she said, looking utterly relieved.
The fact that she had reason to believe otherwise only made him angrier .
They’d talked about the dangers of this mission. Kavik had agreed to them.

But right now , a flood of blame was dammed behind his throat.
Unable to speak, he leveled a trembling, accusing finger at Yangchen,
and discovered there was an object in his hand.
A small coin purse he didn’ t have before. His payment for dumping Qiu into the water .
OceanofPDF .com

R E M E M B E R A N C E
Kavik, eight years old, had cursed the hunt. He was sure of it. He’d forgotten one of his amulets, or committed a taboo before heading out, or
had made the right gestures to the spirits but without the prope r respect in his heart. And now he and Kaly aan were separated from the others, turned
around in the vicious blizzard that had swept down upon them like a predator .
It was his fault. He wept, his tears freezing on his nose. His sorrow earned him a plap! of a mitten over his face.
“No,” Kalyaan said, looming overhead. “W e’ll be all right.”
This was prior to Kavik’ s growt h spurt, and his older brother was still a giant who could block out the harsh skies themselves. The two of them
trudged in the direction they believed was home, until the snowdrifts became overwhe lming. Kalyaan built them a quick shelter , and they spent
the first of many nights shivering and hungry .
The storm only abated in spurts. And during the brief lulls they could travel in, the land was a paper sheet, offering blankness instead of signs to
orient by. Kavik couldn’ t tell how long they’d spent lost. They might have been wandering in a spiritual pocket, a floating space where the realms bled
into each other . Kalyaan cut strips off his own mitten and chewed the pieces of hide to make them soft enough for his little brother to swallow . A
desperation tactic so Kavik would have the energy to keep walking in the cold.
Even then, they returned to camp with Kavik drooped across Kalyaan’ s shoulders, barely conscious. They’d been gone for a month, nearly mourned
as dead. His older brother had saved his life and carried him back to their parents. There was simply nothing Kalyaan couldn’ t accomplish to keep his
family safe.
He’d lost two fingers to frostbit e, though. The spot where he’d opened his mitten. “Don’ t worry about it,” he told a fretting Kavik. “Middlers think

eight’ s a lucky number .” He wiggled the stumps on his hand for emphasis.
Kavik did worry about it. He had been a burden, and the signs of his weakness were now permanent ly etched upon the person he looked up to
most. And he was still convi nced the expedition had turned unlucky because of him in the first place. The original, unknown offense had not
been accounted for .
Since then, Kavik often wondered if he was supposed to have paid a greater price and left a part of himself behind on the ice like Kalyaan had.
Maybe he’d cheated the spirits by surviving intact.
Because looking back on it, right around that time was the beginning of the turn. When hunts started souring across the region, slowly at first, but
then inevitably , failed season after failed season forcing more people to cross the straits in search of work in the Earth Kingdom and the newfangled
shang towns sprouting up.
His family leaving the North Pole, drifting apart, Kalyaan abandoning them, the misery of Bin-Er—th e footprints may have been different, but
they could have all come from the same shape-changing beast, walking in an unbroken line from the past to the present.
If so, Kavik only had himself to blame.
The Avatar was the one who caught him. Her airbending pushed Kavik back to his feet, a second set of hands reaching across the room, and the
rush of wind against his face roused him like a slap.
“You’ve got to stop passing out in my inn,” Akuudan said.
Kavik was not in the mood for teasing anymore. His ribs were bellows,
trying to squeeze too much air through too small a hole. Yangchen,
recognizing something in his agony, put her hand up for silence from the other two. “Breathe,” she said to Kavik. “Breathe first. Don’ t try to talk
until you’re ready.” Her posture was that of an animal expert, ready to rush to his side if he collapsed but not wanting to spook him yet by coming
closer .
It took Kavik five full minutes before he could explain to everyone the initiation process for Chaisee’ s errand runners in Jonduri. And how the first
body taking a ride out to sea courtesy of his efforts was Qiu, the same Qiu

Yangchen and Kavik had planted information on in the Bin-Er teahouse.
They’d killed him. T ogether .
Yangchen blanched. “How could this have happened? You didn’ t say your broker was coming to Jonduri!”
“He obviously changed his mind after I talked to him!” Kavik said. Qiu could have caught wind of Chaisee’ s recruiting drive, same as they did, and
spotted an opportunity for a higher price for the information than he could have gotten in Taku. Except Chaisee had smelled a plot and responded in
the most extreme manner possible. “What do we do?”
Yangchen’ s gaze was slack, her cheeks red. “What do we do?” Kavik asked her again.
“Avatar ,” Tayagum said. “This is your call.”
“I don’t know .” Her lips parted and closed, half-formed words failing to take shape. If she had solutions, she was letting them die on her tongue.
This was the wrong version of Yangchen. Kavik needed the schemer who’d had him over a barrel the whole time in Bin-Er . The one who was
always a step ahead. This frozen, befuddled girl, he didn’ t recognize.
“You can’t not know!” Kavik said to her. “We’ve been following your orders and now two people are dead! What is the plan here?!”
“I said I don’t know!” Yangchen’ s response sent the papers in the room fluttering. “If you could just shut up for a moment! There’ s too many of
you! There’s always too many of you, and none of you ever stop! You never stop!”
She picked up the hat and cloak and stormed out the inn.
“Avat—” Akuudan cut himself off so he didn’ t address her by her true identity while the door swung open. With surprising agility , he vaulted over
the counter with his one hand.
Kavik followed him outside, Tayagum close behind. The inn shared frontage with a row of produce stands, which Jonduri’ s many little
restaurants kept busy. Custome rs toted away baskets of bitter gourd and cabbage, shootin g starfruit and papaya. Kavik’ s eyes flitted from head to
head. He and the others were only moments behind Yangchen, he knew what her cover outfit looked like, and still the Avatar was gone. They’d
already been thrown.
“We’re never going to find her ,” Akuudan muttered.

Kavik thought about the last time he’d seen her anywhere near this upset. It was at the Northern Air Temple, when she’d thrashed her way
through a sleepless night, rising and falling through a forest of pillars.
Besides the noise from her bending, she hadn’ t uttered a sound. And that had to be dif ficult.
He had a hunch. “Where’ s the loudest beach around here?” he asked.
The crash of surf below the cliffs of Tiger-dillo’ s Roar was deafening.
White water coming in met the brown, sandy backflow going out, in a line of battle that undulated along the coast. The rocks weren’ t the tallest, nor
the steepest or the most jagged, but they were slick with spray .
Kavik spotted a toe of undistur bed beach peeking out from behind an outcrop and suddenly wished his hunch were a lot stronger . Descending the
cliffs would be difficult; getting back up nearly impossible for anyone who wasn’ t an Airbender .
Well, this would be an act of faith, he supposed. Kavik took off his boots and sat down on his rear. He edged forward, and as soon as he felt
himself slipping, he frosted the rock under his hands and feet, making his skin stick and halting his slide. Through the cracks in the stone, he wiggled
his way down. He scraped his calves and elbows a couple of times, hissing when the salt crept into the cuts.
He dropped the last few feet to the sand. The numbness in his fingers and toes would go away; Jonduri was simply too warm for him to be in the
same danger from the cold as he was in Bin-Er . Above, the cliff formed a slab roof, shading the small stretch of calm beach, half a tunnel over his
head.
On the other end was Yangchen. Her disguise lay in a damp pile along with her heavier outer Air Nomad robes. She walked a small circle in
lighter garments, her arms at her sides, and in the center of her ring a small whirlwind spun, made visible by a column of dust.
Kavik stood back, not wanting to interrupt a meditative practice. But he needn’ t have worried about being the spoiler . The little cyclone lost its
edges, and Y angchen staggered out of the circle’ s path.
The exercise had failed her. She faced the ocean, and she screamed.
Clenched-fist, eyes-shut, double d-over screams of frustrations so great as to rack the form of the A vatar herself.

The waves drowned her out completely . No human could make themselves heard against the unyielding elements. Yangchen screamed
again, a meanin gless contortion of her lungs, and flung a slice of wind out to sea, tearing a channel in the waves that quickly closed up like a stitched
wound. She did it over and over, and despite the unimaginable power she was exerting, opening the sea like the center of a book, the wate rs sealed to
leave no trace of her acts behind.
She exhausted herself and dropped to her knees in the sand, panting.
Then she looked up, her long hair whipped into strands across her face, wild and uncomposed. She saw Kavik.
She didn’ t seem surprised he’d found her, nor ashamed that he’d witnessed her outburst. She stood up, and while her sides twitched with
exertion and her eyes were red, his presence had turned her back to business. Yangc hen beckoned him deeper into the stone recess under the
cliff.
Kavik followed her. There was room enough for them to stand. She made him come closer and closer , and then when they were at arm’s length,
she slammed her feet into a low , powerful earthbending stance.
The movement of her lower body alone caused sand to shoot up,
forming walls and baffles aroun d them that muted the roar of the waves.
Kavik was awed. The sheer amount of earth moved, the sophistication of the idea, the quickness of the act. It was easy to forget the girl standing
before him was the most powerful bender in the world.
She opened her hand and held a flame for light. “You said there was another body , besides your friend’ s,” she said. He could hear her now .
“An Earth Kingdom sage with a long Nanyan-style beard,” Kavik said.
He snapped his fingers as it dawned on him. “That was the guy who turned on you. Sidao?”
“Sidao.” Yangch en wiped one side of her face, and then the other. “That means I got him killed too. I have two deaths on my hands.”
If she screamed in here, she’d deafen them both. “Do you know what makes an Air Nomad?” she asked.
Was she giving him a koan? Kavik had always assumed it was the freedom to go anywhere in the world. He shook his head.
“It’s the ability to sit down quiet ly, wherever you are, be it dark room or empty field, and just . . . sit,” Yangchen said. The firelight danced in her

eyes. “To sit with yourself, without causing problems or hurting anyone else. That’ s it. That’ s all it is. The airbending pales in comparison.”
He knew she was exaggerating, but not by much. Human desires were responsible for the position they were in. “I’m sorry ,” Yangchen said. Her
lips wavered. “I’m sorry about your friend. What happened to him was my fault.”
A few minutes ago, Kavik might have agreed wholeheartedly , pointed out that he was guilty as well, the stain covering them both. But the salt air
had cleared the stench of panic and rotting flesh from his nose, after he’d been so certain he’d never smell anything else again. Someone had made
the conscious decision to end Qiu’s life. Treating his killers like a feature of the landscape took the blame away from people who deserved to hold it
longer .
“We’re pulling out,” Yangchen said. “I can’t keep you in harm’ s way.
We’ll get you back to your parents and I’ll find you exit passes. You held up your end of the deal as much as you could.”
“No.”
The flame wavered. To their mutual surprise, Kavik had taken hold of her wrist, like she’d done to him in Bin-Er to gauge his honesty . He wasn’ t
gripping her anywhere near as tightly , but he could still feel her pulse,
fluttering and warm.
How could he explain it? There had to be a point beyond the deal, he wanted to say. The world needed the strength of people like Yangchen, who
gave without counting. And the deeper he became entrenched with her, the more it felt like he was finding the bits and pieces of himself he’d thought
had been scraped of f since leaving the North.
“This is an oppo rtunity ,” he said instead. “They think they’ve caught the
Avatar ’s spies. They’ll let their guards down. W e have to keep going.”
She shook her head. “You heard Tayagum. The chance you’ve been made is too high.”
“If they wanted to do me in, they would have already .” This morning had been the perfect opportunity to get rid of Kavik were there any
suspicions hanging over him. They’d had the setup right there. Jujinta with his knives, the two of them on a boat by themselves. “I think I’m in the
clear .”

“You’re talking about a double beat that cost two lives to set up,” she said. “Our path forward would be laid over the backs of the dead. I can’t
even seek justic e for Sidao and Qiu while you’re undercover because they only way I could have found out about them was through you.”
Yangchen took a deep breath, and the makeshift candle in the makeshift cave rose and fell with her exhalation. “I don’t think I could handle it if
something happened to you. I—I can’ t lose any more friends.”
Kavik didn’ t know how to respond. He waited until the perfect answer came to him. “Let’ s sleep on it.”
Dropping the sand barriers and stepping back out onto the beach meant they had to shout in each other ’s ears to be heard. “We have to get out of here
before the water s rise,” Yangchen said, her heavier clothes in a bundle over her shoulder . “Unless you want to get flung out to sea or into the cliff, I
need you to maintain your balance like you’re treading water . You want to stay vertical, not flop on your stomach or back. Now hold your arms up.”
Kavik did as he was told. Yangchen swung her free hand and air began to rush around his midsection. His clothes puffed up like fried dough. His
heels left the ground, then his toes.
She had formed an air spout under him. He knew the technique since it was a common way to depict Avatars in paintings, symbolically elevated in
power , but he had never heard of an Airbender wrapping a controlled cyclone around someone else. “This, uh, feels dangerous.”
“Only if you get scared.” Yangc hen twirled to form a vortex of her own.
The two of them rose into the air, wobbling in the eyes of the miniature storms. Her instability looked like the motion of a bough in the breeze, his,
the thrashing of a hooked fish.
They reached the height where a fall would break his legs. He made the mistake of looking down and got caught on the inner wall of wind. Kavik
circled around and around like a ship in a whirlpool. “I messed up!” he shouted. “I’m scared!”
Yangchen grabb ed his hand and merged their spouts. The air pressed them together and she hugged him around the waist. W ith only one mass for
her to worry about, they rose faster , shooting upward and over the edge of the clif f.