Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 8)

emerged that somewhat resembled a bird spreading its wings. Kneeling in

front of it, he whispered to himself, eyes closed, his mutters sounding like

angry condemnations of some past unforgivable crime, far worse than the

light stabbing he’d given Shigoro.

Well, that’s not creepy at all, Kavik thought.

When Jujinta was finished, he came over and sat down on the same

bench Kavik was on. Even the way the guy rested was disturbing. He sat as

if the back wall would contaminate him by touch and stared straight ahead

the whole time, barely blinking. It would have been perfect meditation

posture had it not looked like his muscles were fighting each other in a

vicious stalemate.

After a while, the silence became too much. “You a bender?” Kavik

asked him.

It wasn’t idle conversation. If things went Shigoro-shaped between

them, Kavik wanted to know if he would need to deal with surprise fire.

Hiding your ability was a common enough ploy in the errand-running

business, useful for temporary advantages—ha-ha, secret bender out of

nowhere!—and Jujinta’s impeccable blade skills would have been the

perfect distraction. People could be good at two things.

Jujinta frowned, having understood the logic behind the question. And

he didn’t like it at all, being pried into. Not one bit. “No,” he snarled

without turning his head.

He could have been lying, but Kavik felt his body language told true.

He thought the matter settled until after a whole minute, the Fire National

retorted. “You anything but?”

Kavik squinted at his benchmate. Well, nuts to you too, buddy.

Tael came over to interrupt the slow-moving exchange. “It’s time.”

“There’s been enough light for an hour already,” Kavik said. His knees

were stiff from sitting so long.

“Yeah, but we need the currents going the right way too. Or else you’ll

be ground up by the Limpet’s Teeth and spat back onto the beaches. Come

on.”

The older man led Jujinta and Kavik toward the back of the hall. A

sweet, meaty stink, even more powerful than the default fishiness, crept

through this end of the building. A washed-up land animal, rotting

overnight? There was an intestinal rankness not born of the sea lying

somewhere underneath. Tael pushed open a wide set of doors, letting the

new daylight in over a small gravel beach. “Here’s your first job,” he said.

“Disposal duty.”

Kavik shielded his eyes from the sun at first, but quickly switched his

hands, clamping his mouth shut. Hot bile leaked past his fingers. Laid on a

bed of seaweed, next to silvery fish too ugly and oily to sell, were a pair of

dead bodies, beginning to bloat.

One of them was Qiu.

Kavik’s mad scramble only lasted a few paces before he emptied his

stomach over the surf-polished pebbles. He had the distinct sensation of

people other than Tael parting way for him to be sick. A few of them

chuckled.

“First time with a raw corpse, huh?” someone said, not unkindly. “It’ll

getcha, for sure.”

Kavik clutched his midsection and spat and spat and spun around.

Seeing the bottoms of Qiu’s swelling purple feet made him retch again.

Why was he—his body here? Why wasn’t he in Taku?

“Everyone here has just seen the persons named Kavik and Jujinta get

on a boat with a fellow dressed like a high official from the Earth Kingdom

and a youth with pockmarked skin wearing the latest fashion from Bin-Er

and go on a voyage,” Tael announced. “Only Jujinta and Kavik came back.

There must have been foul play. We’ll testify as such, should authorities

from outside Jonduri come asking.”

Tael rubbed an itchy eye. “New guy. This is how we keep you loyal.

Guilt by association. Be glad we respect the law in these parts. I’ve heard

the real unsavory criminal-type groups in the Earth Kingdom force their

new members to foul the play themselves.”

“What did these two do to get so unlucky?” Jujinta asked, unperturbed.

“They’re spies. And if there’s one thing the boss-boss does not like, it’s

spies.”

Tael went in for a closer look at the Earth Kingdom official. Kavik

couldn’t comprehend how he managed not to gag. He lifted the man’s

drooping, foot-long beard and let it fall again. “He’s the real deal, a sage.

This other one”—he nudged Qiu’s body with his foot and Kavik felt the toe

in his own ribs—“is a broker come bearing gifts way too big for his worth.

That’s the surest way to tell someone’s a plant attempt.”

The envelope. The envelope he’d stolen from the Avatar’s room. Kavik

had put the cause of Qiu’s death into his own hands.

“Come on, get them into the boat before you miss your window,” Tael

said. “You want to be rowing with the tides, not against them.”

Kavik had to be prodded toward Qiu’s head. Jujinta squatted down and

grabbed the body by the ankles, rolling up the salt-eaten trousers to get a

better grip on the clammy gray flesh underneath. “Lift with your knees,” he

grunted.

Far, far away, over the horizon. That was where Kavik had to send his

mind, in order not to begin shrieking uncontrollably when he took Qiu by

the wrists and his former broker’s dead fingers flopped in reciprocation

around his own. He barely looked away in time to avoid Qiu’s head lolling

backward to accuse him of murder with slack, open jaws.

He dipped in and out of coherence. He was vaguely aware of two thuds

hitting the bottom of a skiff, and then he and Jujinta were out to sea, each of

them rowing an oar.

“So what you’re going to do is encase the corpses in a block of sea ice,”

he heard Jujinta say. “We push the ice and let it float away. By the time it

melts, the current will have taken it to a shark-squid feeding ground, and

there won’t be any remains left to identify.”

Kavik hadn’t remembered Tael giving them instructions. They must

have gone over them while he was wrapped in blankness. Or maybe his

partner already knew how to dispose of murder victims.

It was easier to freeze water around Qiu and the other man, new best

friends in burial, once he got some momentum going. He could pretend he

was layering ice upon ice. The foot sticking out, he quickly covered. There

was no kernel to the mass if he couldn’t see it.

As the little icebergs drifted away, Jujinta prayed, again.

The rest of the job passed like the sun behind clouds. Rowing back to

shore. Tael telling them they did good, and they should report for more

work next week. Jujinta’s stare drilling into Kavik’s back as he navigated

from one end of the gambling parlor to the other—that’s where this fever

dream had begun, right? A gambling parlor? Kavik was no longer sure.

He staggered home in broad daylight, past the wet market. The sound of

cleavers thwacking into their bloody blocks made him want to throw up

again. On the boat, Jujinta had offered to do some knifework—to make the

pieces smaller, that’s why Tael had sent them both—but Kavik at least had

the wherewithal to refuse any more indignities upon the deceased.

No, not home exactly, the safe house. Muscle memory developed in

Bin-Er kept him from breaking cover and taking the most direct route. He

remembered to pause every so often and sweep for tails. When he burst

through the inn doors, surprising Akuudan and Tayagum, he could say with

confidence he hadn’t been followed. Once he regained the ability to string a

sentence together.

The Avatar was waiting for him. By the looks of it, she’d just beat him

there, maybe by minutes. Her disguise lay in a pile, a cloak and a wide hat,

a simpler getup than the one in Bin-Er, put together in haste. She sprang to

her feet when she saw him.

“You’re alive,” she said, looking utterly relieved.

The fact that she had reason to believe otherwise only made him angrier.

They’d talked about the dangers of this mission. Kavik had agreed to them.

But right now, a flood of blame was dammed behind his throat.

Unable to speak, he leveled a trembling, accusing finger at Yangchen,

and discovered there was an object in his hand.

A small coin purse he didn’t have before. His payment for dumping Qiu

into the water.

OceanofPDF.com

REMEMBERANCE

Kavik, eight years old, had cursed the hunt. He was sure of it. He’d

forgotten one of his amulets, or committed a taboo before heading out, or

had made the right gestures to the spirits but without the proper respect in

his heart. And now he and Kalyaan were separated from the others, turned

around in the vicious blizzard that had swept down upon them like a

predator.

It was his fault. He wept, his tears freezing on his nose. His sorrow

earned him a plap! of a mitten over his face.

“No,” Kalyaan said, looming overhead. “We’ll be all right.”

This was prior to Kavik’s growth spurt, and his older brother was still a

giant who could block out the harsh skies themselves. The two of them

trudged in the direction they believed was home, until the snowdrifts

became overwhelming. Kalyaan built them a quick shelter, and they spent

the first of many nights shivering and hungry.

The storm only abated in spurts. And during the brief lulls they could

travel in, the land was a paper sheet, offering blankness instead of signs to

orient by. Kavik couldn’t tell how long they’d spent lost. They might have

been wandering in a spiritual pocket, a floating space where the realms bled

into each other. Kalyaan cut strips off his own mitten and chewed the pieces

of hide to make them soft enough for his little brother to swallow. A

desperation tactic so Kavik would have the energy to keep walking in the

cold.

Even then, they returned to camp with Kavik drooped across Kalyaan’s

shoulders, barely conscious. They’d been gone for a month, nearly mourned

as dead. His older brother had saved his life and carried him back to their

parents. There was simply nothing Kalyaan couldn’t accomplish to keep his

family safe.

He’d lost two fingers to frostbite, though. The spot where he’d opened

his mitten. “Don’t worry about it,” he told a fretting Kavik. “Middlers think

eight’s a lucky number.” He wiggled the stumps on his hand for emphasis.

Kavik did worry about it. He had been a burden, and the signs of his

weakness were now permanently etched upon the person he looked up to

most. And he was still convinced the expedition had turned unlucky

because of him in the first place. The original, unknown offense had not

been accounted for.

Since then, Kavik often wondered if he was supposed to have paid a

greater price and left a part of himself behind on the ice like Kalyaan had.

Maybe he’d cheated the spirits by surviving intact.

Because looking back on it, right around that time was the beginning of

the turn. When hunts started souring across the region, slowly at first, but

then inevitably, failed season after failed season forcing more people to

cross the straits in search of work in the Earth Kingdom and the newfangled

shang towns sprouting up.

His family leaving the North Pole, drifting apart, Kalyaan abandoning

them, the misery of Bin-Er—the footprints may have been different, but

they could have all come from the same shape-changing beast, walking in

an unbroken line from the past to the present.

If so, Kavik only had himself to blame.

The Avatar was the one who caught him. Her airbending pushed Kavik

back to his feet, a second set of hands reaching across the room, and the

rush of wind against his face roused him like a slap.

“You’ve got to stop passing out in my inn,” Akuudan said.

Kavik was not in the mood for teasing anymore. His ribs were bellows,

trying to squeeze too much air through too small a hole. Yangchen,

recognizing something in his agony, put her hand up for silence from the

other two. “Breathe,” she said to Kavik. “Breathe first. Don’t try to talk

until you’re ready.” Her posture was that of an animal expert, ready to rush

to his side if he collapsed but not wanting to spook him yet by coming

closer.

It took Kavik five full minutes before he could explain to everyone the

initiation process for Chaisee’s errand runners in Jonduri. And how the first

body taking a ride out to sea courtesy of his efforts was Qiu, the same Qiu

Yangchen and Kavik had planted information on in the Bin-Er teahouse.

They’d killed him. Together.

Yangchen blanched. “How could this have happened? You didn’t say

your broker was coming to Jonduri!”

“He obviously changed his mind after I talked to him!” Kavik said. Qiu

could have caught wind of Chaisee’s recruiting drive, same as they did, and

spotted an opportunity for a higher price for the information than he could

have gotten in Taku. Except Chaisee had smelled a plot and responded in

the most extreme manner possible. “What do we do?”

Yangchen’s gaze was slack, her cheeks red. “What do we do?” Kavik

asked her again.

“Avatar,” Tayagum said. “This is your call.”

“I don’t know.” Her lips parted and closed, half-formed words failing to

take shape. If she had solutions, she was letting them die on her tongue.

This was the wrong version of Yangchen. Kavik needed the schemer

who’d had him over a barrel the whole time in Bin-Er. The one who was

always a step ahead. This frozen, befuddled girl, he didn’t recognize.

“You can’t not know!” Kavik said to her. “We’ve been following your

orders and now two people are dead! What is the plan here?!”

“I said I don’t know!” Yangchen’s response sent the papers in the room

fluttering. “If you could just shut up for a moment! There’s too many of

you! There’s always too many of you, and none of you ever stop! You never

stop!”

She picked up the hat and cloak and stormed out the inn.

“Avat—” Akuudan cut himself off so he didn’t address her by her true

identity while the door swung open. With surprising agility, he vaulted over

the counter with his one hand.

Kavik followed him outside, Tayagum close behind. The inn shared

frontage with a row of produce stands, which Jonduri’s many little

restaurants kept busy. Customers toted away baskets of bitter gourd and

cabbage, shooting starfruit and papaya. Kavik’s eyes flitted from head to

head. He and the others were only moments behind Yangchen, he knew

what her cover outfit looked like, and still the Avatar was gone. They’d

already been thrown.

“We’re never going to find her,” Akuudan muttered.

Kavik thought about the last time he’d seen her anywhere near this

upset. It was at the Northern Air Temple, when she’d thrashed her way

through a sleepless night, rising and falling through a forest of pillars.

Besides the noise from her bending, she hadn’t uttered a sound. And that

had to be difficult.

He had a hunch. “Where’s the loudest beach around here?” he asked.

The crash of surf below the cliffs of Tiger-dillo’s Roar was deafening.

White water coming in met the brown, sandy backflow going out, in a line

of battle that undulated along the coast. The rocks weren’t the tallest, nor

the steepest or the most jagged, but they were slick with spray.

Kavik spotted a toe of undisturbed beach peeking out from behind an

outcrop and suddenly wished his hunch were a lot stronger. Descending the

cliffs would be difficult; getting back up nearly impossible for anyone who

wasn’t an Airbender.

Well, this would be an act of faith, he supposed. Kavik took off his

boots and sat down on his rear. He edged forward, and as soon as he felt

himself slipping, he frosted the rock under his hands and feet, making his

skin stick and halting his slide. Through the cracks in the stone, he wiggled

his way down. He scraped his calves and elbows a couple of times, hissing

when the salt crept into the cuts.

He dropped the last few feet to the sand. The numbness in his fingers

and toes would go away; Jonduri was simply too warm for him to be in the

same danger from the cold as he was in Bin-Er. Above, the cliff formed a

slab roof, shading the small stretch of calm beach, half a tunnel over his

head.

On the other end was Yangchen. Her disguise lay in a damp pile along

with her heavier outer Air Nomad robes. She walked a small circle in

lighter garments, her arms at her sides, and in the center of her ring a small

whirlwind spun, made visible by a column of dust.

Kavik stood back, not wanting to interrupt a meditative practice. But he

needn’t have worried about being the spoiler. The little cyclone lost its

edges, and Yangchen staggered out of the circle’s path.

The exercise had failed her. She faced the ocean, and she screamed.

Clenched-fist, eyes-shut, doubled-over screams of frustrations so great as to

rack the form of the Avatar herself.

The waves drowned her out completely. No human could make

themselves heard against the unyielding elements. Yangchen screamed

again, a meaningless contortion of her lungs, and flung a slice of wind out

to sea, tearing a channel in the waves that quickly closed up like a stitched

wound. She did it over and over, and despite the unimaginable power she

was exerting, opening the sea like the center of a book, the waters sealed to

leave no trace of her acts behind.

She exhausted herself and dropped to her knees in the sand, panting.

Then she looked up, her long hair whipped into strands across her face, wild

and uncomposed. She saw Kavik.

She didn’t seem surprised he’d found her, nor ashamed that he’d

witnessed her outburst. She stood up, and while her sides twitched with

exertion and her eyes were red, his presence had turned her back to

business. Yangchen beckoned him deeper into the stone recess under the

cliff.

Kavik followed her. There was room enough for them to stand. She

made him come closer and closer, and then when they were at arm’s length,

she slammed her feet into a low, powerful earthbending stance.

The movement of her lower body alone caused sand to shoot up,

forming walls and baffles around them that muted the roar of the waves.

Kavik was awed. The sheer amount of earth moved, the sophistication of

the idea, the quickness of the act. It was easy to forget the girl standing

before him was the most powerful bender in the world.

She opened her hand and held a flame for light. “You said there was

another body, besides your friend’s,” she said. He could hear her now.

“An Earth Kingdom sage with a long Nanyan-style beard,” Kavik said.

He snapped his fingers as it dawned on him. “That was the guy who turned

on you. Sidao?”

“Sidao.” Yangchen wiped one side of her face, and then the other. “That

means I got him killed too. I have two deaths on my hands.”

If she screamed in here, she’d deafen them both. “Do you know what

makes an Air Nomad?” she asked.

Was she giving him a koan? Kavik had always assumed it was the

freedom to go anywhere in the world. He shook his head.

“It’s the ability to sit down quietly, wherever you are, be it dark room or

empty field, and just . . . sit,” Yangchen said. The firelight danced in her

eyes. “To sit with yourself, without causing problems or hurting anyone

else. That’s it. That’s all it is. The airbending pales in comparison.”

He knew she was exaggerating, but not by much. Human desires were

responsible for the position they were in. “I’m sorry,” Yangchen said. Her

lips wavered. “I’m sorry about your friend. What happened to him was my

fault.”

A few minutes ago, Kavik might have agreed wholeheartedly, pointed

out that he was guilty as well, the stain covering them both. But the salt air

had cleared the stench of panic and rotting flesh from his nose, after he’d

been so certain he’d never smell anything else again. Someone had made

the conscious decision to end Qiu’s life. Treating his killers like a feature of

the landscape took the blame away from people who deserved to hold it

longer.

“We’re pulling out,” Yangchen said. “I can’t keep you in harm’s way.

We’ll get you back to your parents and I’ll find you exit passes. You held up

your end of the deal as much as you could.”

“No.”

The flame wavered. To their mutual surprise, Kavik had taken hold of

her wrist, like she’d done to him in Bin-Er to gauge his honesty. He wasn’t

gripping her anywhere near as tightly, but he could still feel her pulse,

fluttering and warm.

How could he explain it? There had to be a point beyond the deal, he

wanted to say. The world needed the strength of people like Yangchen, who

gave without counting. And the deeper he became entrenched with her, the

more it felt like he was finding the bits and pieces of himself he’d thought

had been scraped off since leaving the North.

“This is an opportunity,” he said instead. “They think they’ve caught the

Avatar’s spies. They’ll let their guards down. We have to keep going.”

She shook her head. “You heard Tayagum. The chance you’ve been

made is too high.”

“If they wanted to do me in, they would have already.” This morning

had been the perfect opportunity to get rid of Kavik were there any

suspicions hanging over him. They’d had the setup right there. Jujinta with

his knives, the two of them on a boat by themselves. “I think I’m in the

clear.”

“You’re talking about a double beat that cost two lives to set up,” she

said. “Our path forward would be laid over the backs of the dead. I can’t

even seek justice for Sidao and Qiu while you’re undercover because they

only way I could have found out about them was through you.”

Yangchen took a deep breath, and the makeshift candle in the makeshift

cave rose and fell with her exhalation. “I don’t think I could handle it if

something happened to you. I—I can’t lose any more friends.”

Kavik didn’t know how to respond. He waited until the perfect answer

came to him. “Let’s sleep on it.”

Dropping the sand barriers and stepping back out onto the beach meant they

had to shout in each other’s ears to be heard. “We have to get out of here

before the waters rise,” Yangchen said, her heavier clothes in a bundle over

her shoulder. “Unless you want to get flung out to sea or into the cliff, I

need you to maintain your balance like you’re treading water. You want to

stay vertical, not flop on your stomach or back. Now hold your arms up.”

Kavik did as he was told. Yangchen swung her free hand and air began

to rush around his midsection. His clothes puffed up like fried dough. His

heels left the ground, then his toes.

She had formed an air spout under him. He knew the technique since it

was a common way to depict Avatars in paintings, symbolically elevated in

power, but he had never heard of an Airbender wrapping a controlled

cyclone around someone else. “This, uh, feels dangerous.”

“Only if you get scared.” Yangchen twirled to form a vortex of her own.

The two of them rose into the air, wobbling in the eyes of the miniature

storms. Her instability looked like the motion of a bough in the breeze, his,

the thrashing of a hooked fish.

They reached the height where a fall would break his legs. He made the

mistake of looking down and got caught on the inner wall of wind. Kavik

circled around and around like a ship in a whirlpool. “I messed up!” he

shouted. “I’m scared!”

Yangchen grabbed his hand and merged their spouts. The air pressed

them together and she hugged him around the waist. With only one mass for

her to worry about, they rose faster, shooting upward and over the edge of

the cliff.

The landing was gentler. All their feet touched down at the same time.

Kavik’s heart pounded in his chest. “You can let go of me now,” Yangchen

said.

When Kavik realized he was embracing the Avatar tightly he flushed

with heat and jerked backward. She made no effort to tease him and put her

outer robes back on, adjusting the high collar and smoothing the orange

sleeves as if she needed to look presentable.

She didn’t follow immediately with the plain cloak that had served as

her disguise. “Guard me,” she said, before Kavik could point out the danger

of someone identifying her. “Look out for anyone coming.”

Avatar Yangchen stood on the cliff, out in the open, and began to

perform her duties. Chanting in remembrance of the dead.

Kavik kept watch as she spoke to the sea. The Water Tribe had their

own spiritual customs for the deceased, but he’d seen an Air Nomad lead a

funeral procession through the streets of Bin-Er once before. He recognized

the way her single voice split into many, nose accompanying throat

harmonizing with tongue to say the rites. After a few repetitions, she made

a marked shift into lilting, high-pitched notes, a beautiful, wordless song he

didn’t know.

Yangchen’s rich voice gave the melody a powerful foundation, until she

let it trail away into the wind. “A Nanyan mourning lament at the end, for

Sidao,” she explained. “The best I could do for Sidao. Where was Qiu

from?”

“I don’t know.” Kavik blinked and found there were tears in his eyes.

“Someplace warm. He didn’t want to be cold anymore; that’s why he left

Bin-Er.”

His sniffling became a shudder. “I didn’t even know him that well. He

was just . . . he was just some guy, right? No one important. But he had to

have had parents. Maybe brothers and sisters. And I made him disappear.”

He felt a steadying hand on his shoulder. “I saw him with you,”

Yangchen said gently. “And that means he hasn’t disappeared. If he’s part of

my memories, then as strange as it is to think, there’s a slim chance an

Avatar of future generations will understand who Qiu was, through me.”

Kavik was comforted by the fact that the lowly could at least have this

one place in history beside the exalted. “I don’t know why I’m acting like

this.” He wiped his face with the back of his wrist. “We weren’t that close.” THE NUMBERS GAME

In Kavik’s opinion, having to drink tea with someone you didn’t like was

one of life’s sharpest little unpleasantries. The rituals, the waiting, the

pouring for your partner, all hinged around patterns of polite conversation

or meditative, cooperative silence. When you didn’t want the company, it

got awkward.

He and Jujinta sat at a table laid out in front of a tea stall that faced the

main warehouse row of Jonduri. In the last vestiges of daylight, the outlines

of the city were black on a pink sky. They’d ordered the cheapest tea and

the largest jug of hot water, so they weren’t close to finishing yet.

Pppppphpphp.

To add to Kavik’s suffering, Jujinta was the type of monster who drank

with pursed lips, sucking in air along with the liquid, making noises like a

clogged straw. Kavik tried following each sip of Jujinta’s with one of his

own in the hopes that the Fire National would have an epiphany and realize

you didn’t need to be loud when drinking, but it was futile.

Phpphpppppphppp.

They’d managed not to talk to each other the whole time until now, but

Kavik broke and decided words were a lesser evil than the slurping.

“What’s your deal?” he asked.

Jujinta finally put his cup down, thank the spirits. “What do you mean?”

Why do you work for the association? Why don’t you have a topknot?

What’ s up with the rituals you perform at the safe house? “Just making

conversation.”

“I don’t have much of a story,” Jujinta said, staring across the street. His

manner of speaking was the opposite of a Jonduri intonation: slow, flat,

evenly paced where it might have been more natural to change tempo.

“After committing a crime, I left my family behind to go seek forgiveness

from the spirits. Jonduri is where I ended up. The association keeps me fed,

but that’s it. I have no great love for our employers, or our compatriots.”

That much was obvious. “What did you do that was so bad?”

Jujinta raised his teacup back to his lips. “I murdered my brother.”

Kavik couldn’t find anything to say after that.

The sun finished setting behind the mountains. There wasn’t time for

him to decide how he felt about partnering with a kinslayer, if Jujinta was

indeed telling the truth. Over by the vendor selling grilled meats, four men,

association members all, tossed aside their bamboo skewers and got up

from their bench. Another three men walking around the corner merged

with them to form a single group. Jujinta plunked down a few coins for the

tea and got up to follow them.

He’d overpaid, but that was okay, because Kavik needed to steal the jug.

He plucked the large clay vessel off the table and tucked it under his arm. It

turned out the rules in Jonduri didn’t let people walk around with massive

quantities of water without a good reason, which Kavik found blatantly

unfair when Firebenders could produce their element and Earthbenders

were nearly always walking on it.

Then again, constantly lugging around enough liquid for combat got

tiring quickly. Better Waterbenders could make do with less, a single

drinking skin’s worth maybe, but if Kavik knew he was heading toward

trouble, he liked to have as much as he could carry.

People should know the weight of water, the Avatar had said. Kavik was

intimately familiar with it, thank you very much. He cooled the pitcher

down to lukewarm—he wasn’t a monster, after all—and fell in at the rear of

the group. The raid had begun.

“I don’t like this,” Kavik said. “I’m not a headkicker.”

A few days before, he and Jujinta had gotten their next job from Tael. A

simple task. They were to go inside a certain warehouse near the docks at a

certain time with a few other association members and “emphatically

vacate” anyone they found inside. If folks got roughed up in the process, all

the better.

That was about as much detail as low-level runners tended to get. But

Kavik had followed the older members around the association safe house,

learned how to play Sparrowbones and intentionally lost to them the money

that Akuudan and Tayagum reluctantly provided, wheedled out of them the

details of their own tasks for that night. The information he brought back to

Yangchen formed a much more complete picture when combined with her

knowledge.

“You’re going to have to do it,” Yangchen said. “Based on what we

know, your group is hitting the primary storage facility for goods going