Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 19)

He was trying to sell out Kavik’s brother. Kalyaan. The one Yangchen

already knew about.

“I don’t want it,” she said.

“What? But I can—”

“I said I don’t want your information.” If Kavik had ever given her a

gift, it was the look on Henshe’s face right now. “Goodbye, Zongdu. Until

we next talk.”

He at least had the courtesy to wait for the door to close before

screaming and throwing the pillow.

The tower stairs never seemed to end. Onward and inward they circled,

sending Yangchen into loops upon loops. If she were a spider-snake, she

would have swallowed her own tail at least a dozen times. She trudged

higher, taking each step slowly.

The handle of the bucket bit into her palms, the contents sloshing over

her toes. She needed the water to drink and wash. She would know its

weight. The interior of the tower was speared through with warm light

coming through its windows. The sunset. She ignored it.

She reached the Avatar’s quarters of the Northern Temple. She used

them so rarely when she visited, preferring to stay in the visitor’s

dormitories with her sisters, that she hadn’t exercised her right to decorate it

yet. The interior remained in the exact same state Avatar Szeto had left it.

She shouldered the door open and put the bucket down. The room was

completely empty except for the bed and the desk. The walls were bare. To

an outside observer, Szeto would look like a man who clearly had nothing

to hide.

What a messy life that was. She slumped into her predecessor’s austere

chair and squeezed her head between her hands. The gray fuzz. Back with a

vengeance.

Only one thought was sharp enough to cut through the fog, and it

repeated itself over and over. It called to her as deeply as the dark wells of

Ma’inka, grew in strength until it was as loud as the roaring waves of

Jonduri.

She could stop.

After she dealt with the Firebenders, after she dealt with the Earth King

and Bin-Er, after she dealt with Henshe and Chaisee and Kavik and his

brother—and why not, Mama and the White Lotus as well—she could stop

trying to reshape the world. What had she been doing, throwing herself

headlong against suffering where she found it? Where had she not

multiplied the people’s miseries instead?

She should stop.

She’d still be the Avatar. The figurehead, the object of veneration you

turned to well after desperation had latched its hooks into your flesh. As

Lohi of the Saowon had proven, that was what people asked for first and

valued most. The problem addressed, not prevented. The salve, not the cure.

Her heritage provided the perfect excuse to withdraw. She’d embrace

negative jing and retreat far, far away, becoming a mountain peak that

humanity could see but never reach. They’d be better off. She wouldn’t hurt

anyone with her mistakes.

She wouldn’t save anyone either.

Yangchen was struck by how little the prospect weighed on her. She

didn’t feel guilty for considering the future lived over the future earned. She

didn’t feel much of anything. Her parade through Bin-Er might as well have

happened in another life, on the other side of a boundary marked by regret.

The blankness she had to push away every morning could be allowed

permanent residence in her body, her heart, and her gut. She could embrace

it fully. She didn’t owe anyone anything.

I’d have time to find Jetsun.

She heard a whoosh and a thump, and her head jerked up. Another

whoosh, another thump, and Abbot Sonam was standing outside the door

she’d forgotten to close. “Avatar,” he said, huffing and puffing. His head

had beaded over with sweat.

Had he spin-jumped up the tower? He wouldn’t have acted so rashly

had it not been important. She stood up quickly in alarm. “What is it? The

Firebenders? Henshe?”

“No.” The smile on his face outshone the flushed glow of his skin. “I’m

so sorry that I forgot to tell you. I mean, it was understandable given the

circumstances, with all the goings-on and—”

“Abbot, please.”

Sonam caught his breath. “Do you remember that woman in the

hospital?” he said. “The one you healed with your Waterbender friend?”

Yangchen needed a moment to recall. The patient whom she would have

lost if it hadn’t been for Kavik’s help. They’d done that together at least.

The extra pair of hands had paid off.

But the memory was bittersweet. There was a reason why she hadn’t

wanted to think about it much. “What about her?”

“We found her son. We found her missing son! The search party found

him just in time! He’s alive and well!”

Yangchen blinked slowly. Her voice came out a creak. “Oh. Good.

That’s good.”

“Without you and your companion—Kavik, was it? Without the two of

you saving his mother, we would never have rescued the boy.” Sonam

beamed brighter than the sun had over the mountains. “Avatar, you never

gave up on her. Don’t you remember?”

Did she remember. She always remembered. Her lip trembled and she

began to weep. The abbot smiled, thinking happiness, alone and pure, had

brought tears to her eyes. He didn’t know that he’d dragged her back from

the edge in shackles. Sentenced her to another turn of the wheel.

Yangchen could pretend all she wanted but it was no use. She would

remain the instrument of her own suffering. She’d keep fighting, keep

struggling, just like she’d commanded the unconscious woman to do in the

hospital. It was her fate to make the same choice over and over again, as

generations of Avatars had done before her. To know the past was to know

the future.

“They’re still in town,” the abbot said. “I can take you to them now.”

She saw their ages reversed, Sonam the youth sparkling with energy,

she the eroded, weary fixture. “Tomorrow. We’ll have plenty of time

tomorrow. No need to rush.”

The abbot bowed and left. She stood motionless where she was, until

the sun finished setting and only darkness filled the window. She decided to

turn in early. She still had much to do, and she would need her strength.

High in her tower, Yangchen went to bed. And for once fell into a deep,

dreamless, restful sleep.