Title: Part of the dif ficulty was remembering her own lies. Concocted events were like a vision she had to force herself into having, unlike the ones that (Part 6)

“He’ s not a threat,” Y angchen assured him.
“She could trounce me with both hands tied behind her back,” Kavik said. He wasn’ t being sarcastic.
It took both of their testimonies to get Jujinta to leave. Y angchen waited a while before speaking. “W as that enough?” she asked.
“Enough what?”
“For your report to the White Lotus.” She began walking in a circle around him, her eyes downcast. “Y ou have to tell them everything you
observe, don’ t you? Y ou’re the go-between. The errand runner .”
The flames of the candles tilted as she passed them, bowing their heads. “Y ou can report back to A yunerak the sheer magnitude of my failure.
How she’ s right—I’m an incompetent child who should never be trusted with world af fairs.”
He thought about denying the claim, but it would be no use. Based on how poorly the meeting in Agna Qel’a went, she already knew too much of
the White Lotus’ s perspective.
Yangchen’ s voice was flat, as if she were delivering an account to a magistrate. “I mean, I lost Henshe, a valuable witness. I let two of the most
valuable assets in the world die at the hands of the third. I nearly cost the village and the Air T emple more lives.” Her slow , measured steps ticked
each item of f the list.
She wanted him to be an echo in the canyon, to throw her mistakes back in her face. He wasn’ t going to indulge her . “Ayunerak has her own
work to grade before she starts on yours,” Kavik said. “As for me, my opinion here isn’ t worth the breath I would need to give it.”
Yangchen frowned. “That’ s not quite the same as not having an opinion.”
“I know . I can keep my mouth shut and still do my job. Remember that’s part of the deal with the White Lotus as well? Helping you?”
Her lips softened and then puckered the way they did whenever she was genuinely surprised. Kavik could have been convinced that for a
moment, she for got she hated him.
The candles flickered from an additional presence. He turned around,
expecting to see Jujinta lurking about. Instead it was Abbot Sonam, the elderly monk who led the Northern T emple.

Sonam bowed his head, tufts of white hair forming a halo around the base. “Master Kavik,” he said as if he were in the presence of an honored
guest. “Thank you yet again for your ef forts in the hospital. Y ou have a knack for healing.”
“I don’ t really know how to heal,” Kavik said. He still lacked formal training in the art.
“Sometimes the greatest medicine is providing the right assistance at the right time,” Sonam said. “Mingyur is awake and doing well.”
“We should go see him,” Y angchen said.
Sonam raised his fingers. “There’ s no need. A vatar , I have a quest for you. A matter of great ur gency .”
Kavik found the abbot’ s behavior a little abrupt. But Y angchen seemed to know what the old man was on about. “He can stay ,” she said, suddenly
weary and resigned. “T radition dictates a witness.”
Sonam gave a solemn nod. “Sister Y angchen. The community of the
Northern Air T emple desperately needs a boon only you can provide. After you next leave these sacred grounds, our existence depends on you
returning with treasures of great importance.”
“O elder ,” Yangchen said. “I devote myself fully to this cause. What shall I retrieve from the four corners of the world?”
“A blue panda lily ,” Sonam said. “The shadow of a breeze. The sinews of a spirit. And most important of all, the material possession that will fill
the emptiness that lies in every human being.”
Kavik’ s head began to sway . This couldn’ t mean what he thought it meant.
“When you see me next, you will see these jewels,” Y angchen said,
stilting over her vow . “So I swear .”
“Thank you, Sister Y angchen.” The abbot bowed deeply , the arrow points on the backs of his hands touching at his waist. “Carry the love of
your people with you always.” Sonam stood up, wiped the tears from his eyes, and left without another word.
Kavik didn’ t wait for the abbot to get farther away because he didn’ t care who heard him. “No,” he said. “No, no, no!”
“You guessed?” Y angchen said. She’d stumbled from the blow a little there, but only a little. She was as calm as could be.

Kavik didn’ t need the ritual explained to him. It was a demonstration that Airbenders were passive even in the wording of their punishments, the
least amount of violence spoken into being. The task Sonam had given her was poetic and impossible and could mean only one thing—Y angchen had
been exiled from the Northern Air T emple.
“This is bull-pig!” Kavik shouted. “Y ou’re the A vatar . Overrule him!”
Yangchen made a gesture for him to lower his voice. “I’m an Air
Nomad. A member of my people. The abbot is responsible for the safety of this community and I’m not going to disrespect my own traditions by
undermining his authority .” She ran her tongue over her teeth. “Besides,
you’re getting worked up over nothing.”
To lose your connection to your home wasn’ t nothing. He told her so.
“Relax,” she said. “If you’re worried about the village, I can still look after the townsfolk from afar .”
She was almost smug about the turn of events. Finally , the castigation she’d been waiting for . “What is wrong with you?” Kavik said. “Why are
you acting like this?”
“Because it doesn’ t matter . There are other temples I can lay my head at. Please, quiet down.”
“The sunset from the tower . Your sister ’s favorite place—”
“I SAID IT DOESN’T MA TTER!”
Her bark extinguished the candle flames. The light vanished, replaced by smoke. Y angchen’ s features were blanked out in the darkness, and the
hallway lamps outside cast her heavy silhouette in the frame of the entryway . It was like she had an alcove to herself already .
No artist who loved her would have rendered her like this. “I need to be held accountable,” she said, sounding like the void. “If I can’ t be an
Airbender when it comes to my actions, I can at least be an Airbender when it comes to the consequences.”
There was nothing he could say . “Go rest up,” she ordered Kavik.
“We’ve got a lot of work ahead of us.”
Four days had passed since Thapa’ s jailbreak and the assassination of
Zongdu Henshe.

Kavik hadn’ t seen Y angchen once during that time. He loitered in the teahouse with the others and waited. Occasionally Akuudan or T ayagum
would declare, unprompted, that she was probably making further preparations. She was fine. All was well.
On the night of the fifth day , Kavik waited until the others were asleep and snuck out the back of the teahouse. Since Jujinta adamantly refused to
let his guard down until Kavik was unconscious, he had to use a trick—
several.
He knew what he snored like, because Kalyaan had made fun of him for it often enough by mimicking him perfectly , according to their parents.
Forcing air through his nose just so, he kept his eyes shut and tossed convincingly until Jujinta relented and sought his own bed in the teahouse.
Once he was the last person awake, he slipped from beneath his covers and froze a skeleton of ice braces under the blanket, making it look like he
was still there. He’d get back before it melted completely and could dry the evidence. A small sheet of ice to form a bridge over the squeaky planks in
the floor , and he was outside, free.
The skies were clear . He crept along the streets of the village, avoiding the illumination of the moon and stars, but couldn’ t resist the occasional
glance upward. In the mountains, the celestial bodies looked close enough to pluck from the sky .
He reached the outskirts where the absolute newest arrivals sheltered in hutches and lean-tos thatched with straw until more permanent lodgings
could be found for them. A voiding the families, he wove between the travelers who were alone until he saw a tent with a circle drawn in the dirt
in front.
He covered the mark with his foot. “W armer than usual this time of year,” he said to the person inside.
“Underestimate the night at your own risk,” came the response through an opened flap.
“You know , you may be right.” I recognize your voice, Do , Kavik wanted to snap. This is stupid . “Can I come in and take a rest? I could …
trade you a tale … from my homeland.”
The White Lotus passphrases were probably as old as A yunerak.
“Certainly . The wise man always appreciates swapping stories with an interesting stranger .” The tent opened all the way .

Kavik crawled inside. Once he’d closed the flap completely , he knew he could talk without concerns of being overheard. The fabric was an
ingenious blend that muf fled sound; A yunerak had demonstrated it in the
Gidu safe house.
Do sat hunched under the slope of the tent. “Spoor of the spirits, we have to update those codes,” Kavik said.
“We have people who’ve been stationed for years without meaningful contact, and changing the passphrases too frequently would leave them in
the cold.” Do rolled his eyes like Kavik was completely new to the game.
“What’ s your report?”
Ayunerak had given him a few names in the White Lotus qualified to speak and listen for her and Do was one of them. But Kavik still wasn’ t
fully comfortable. Part of him was inclined to side with Y angchen when she suspected a leak in the or ganization.
He put aside his misgivings and told the older man everything that had transpired since he’d arrived. “Huh,” Do snorted. “This is what happens
when we let children sit at the big table.”
The next time we spar I am going to shove an icicle so far up your nose, you’ll get brain fr eeze. “Unanimity is gone,” Kavik said. “The A vatar
ordered me to deliver this message. She needs help from the White Lotus to keep the leaders of the Four Nations far away from T aku. If the convocation
proceeds as planned, Chaisee will have the opportunity to decapitate the entire world in a single stroke.”
Do pondered the situation. “But if it doesn’ t go as planned, Chaisee will suspect we’re onto her and withdraw the Firebender . We’ll never get as
good a chance to find and take control of him.” He shook his head. “No. W e can’t give the leaders any warning that something’ s amiss.”
Kavik couldn’ t believe what he was hearing. When pushed to the line,
the A vatar would always focus on minimizing harm over seizing victory .
“You’re mad. The White Lotus is willing to gamble with the fate of the
Four Nations?”
“War is a known quantity ,” Do said. “This Firebender and his technique are not.”
Do, whom Kavik had never taken very seriously before, went calm and still the way only a true fanatic could. “The White Lotus is an ancient
organization,” Do said. “It has seen conflicts come and go. Rulers too. What

it cannot abide is an unchecked power running rampant across the world.
We already have one of those, and you know her well.”
The man who delivered food and updates to the Gidu safe house would have been smug about putting the new recruit in his place, but this version
was dispassionate, steady , and much more frightening. “W e have fought for balance longer than you can imagine and have histories you could never
dream of,” Do said. “Our best results have always been achieved by maintaining a grip on a few vital reins of power while scorning all else.
Whoever controls Unanimity at the end of this struggle will have the means to reshape the world to their liking. W e can’ t let it fall into anyone else’ s
hands, even if it means risking the life of a monarch or two.”
“And if everything goes to pieces in T aku, what will the White Lotus do then?”
Do’s response was immediate, generic, and true. A hammer that could be applied to any nail. “W e’ll watch the crisis unfold from a distance and
adopt the best position to help the Four Nations in the aftermath, as we have done for generations. Do you believe A yunerak would tell you dif ferently?”
No. The problem was the Executor would say the exact same thing. He could hear Do’ s speech in A yunerak’ s wizened voice, as if her spirit had
possessed him. Maybe after reaching a certain age, a person came to treat conflict as a reoccurring expense, costly but bearable so long as relative
comfort and stability could be maintained behind the front lines. Y angchen would have abhorred such thought. Kavik could see why she didn’ t get
along with the or ganization.
“You’re not to leave the A vatar ’s side in T aku,” Do said. “If she finds leads on Thapa there, we want to know about them.”
“You’re spying on your ally instead of your enemy ,” Kavik said.
“That’ s completely backward.”
“We don’ t have a plant embedded with our enemy . I’ll relay the
Avatar ’s message to A yunerak, but don’ t expect our strategy to change.
Now get out of here before the A vatar notices you’re gone.”
Kavik got up and squirmed his way out of the tent. The flap closed behind him. He breathed in the crisp mountain air and looked up at the inky
night sky .
On the way back to the teahouse, he suddenly came to a standstill, his boots embedded in the gravel. The frustration he’d been holding back came

pouring out, and he swung his fist at the empty air, connecting with nothing.

Do what we tell you. We know better
. Kavik had been hoping for things to start making sense when he joined the White Lotus.

But so far, it had been no different than living with Kalyaan.

BAD COMP ANY
Chaisee did not enjoy watching poor table manners.
Thapa ate like a ravenous beast, pinning roasted joints of meat to his plate with his hands and tearing the flesh of f with his jaws. He wiped his
fingers on pillowy bread buns before consuming those too and took lar ge gulps of wine to help swallow the unchewed chunks of food.
He looked up with one eye, his teeth still embedded in a cricket-goose leg, and saw Chaisee’ s disdain. “Cut me some slack,” he said. “This is the
first taste of meat I’ve had in months.”
Chaisee pushed a stack of napkins across the table. It was a good thing the former zongdu Dooshim wasn’ t alive to see his inn host such an
uncouth guest. The luxurious resort, built on stilts over the middle of a flowing river , catered to exclusive clients, the kind rich enough to skirt the
restrictions brought on by the Platinum Af fair. She’d secretly bought the business after Dooshim passed away and had vacated the entire premises to
ensure the security of her recovered asset.
Once cleared of other visitors, the inn made a fairly good location for clandestine meetings. The nearby waterfall ensured a low level of
background noise to foil casual eavesdroppers, and the heavily perfumed air might have thrown of f a poorly trained scent-tracking animal. The only
access points were two long bridges spanning the banks of the river , and those were easily guarded.
“I’m told you exercised some initiative.” Chaisee refilled Thapa’ s winecup and allowed herself a pour as well. Now that her son was
delivered, she could have the occasional drink. “I detest initiative.”
“Sorry , Mother .” As far as Chaisee knew , they were about the same age. Thapa waited. “That’ s it? I thought you’d be angrier .”
“You don’ t know what I am.”

He pulled a platter of steamed fish topped with slivers of ginger and scallion closer to himself. “I know you’re down a couple of assets,” he said
as he got to work with a pair of spoons. “Look at it this way . I saved you the drudgery and expense of paying them. Now you have the honor and
pleasure of paying me. Plus a bonus for showing … an enterprising attitude.”
So his time among the Airbenders hadn’ t rubbed of f. Shame. Chaisee greatly respected Air Nomad culture and was an avid reader of their
philosophers. She wondered if the young A vatar had finished the Works of
Shoken she’d gifted her .
She blinked as Thapa carelessly flipped the fish to get at the other side.
“I think thirty times our original agreement will do,” he said. “For a start.”
“Is that what Henshe promised when he diverted you to Bin-Er?”
“Nah, I had to extort him. Y ou and I, on the other hand, are true business partners. I’m the only person who can provide the services you
need in the time you require. And you’re the only one who can pay me—oh wait. Y ou’re not.”
He shoveled spoonfuls of silverskim into his mouth and fixed her with his gaze. “I suppose the Earth King or the Fire Lord might be interested in
my talents, enough to start a little bidding war . The W ater T ribe Chief too,
though I hope not. I’d hate to be stuck in the cold.”
Thapa slowed down the pace at which he chewed and swallowed. Not out of concern for fish bones, but to make sure she was looking back at him.
Causing revulsion was the point. “Face it. If you want sparks to fly over
Taku, then you have no other choice than to bar gain with me.”
Chaisee decided that prisoners enjoying new freedom ate the same way as sailors on shore leave. What concern did they have for the mess they
created? She remembered wanting to raise her voice at the ungracious visitors that fateful day on her home island, but her father had told her it
wasn’ t their right to command a guest. T radition demanded they remain obsequious, servile.
Some of the sailors feasted obliviously , spurred by the open air and the simple lifestyle of their hosts to cast bones into the sand and manners to the
wind. Others, when they noticed her watching with disapproval, applied an edge to their raucousness like Thapa did now , a show for the tight-lipped
young girl. The greater the mess one caused, the more power they exerted.

An attitude she found many across the Four Nations adopted even when they didn’ t realize it.
“No,” Chaisee said. “There will be no new deal. Not because I can’ t afford it but because I won’ t allow it. I don’ t do business with people
lacking in character .”
Thapa belched loudly . “Too bad. I was hoping to stay until I finished dessert. The monks did baked goods better than anyone else in the world
and I think developed a sweet tooth.”
He stood up and shoved the entire table aside with a single sweep of his arms. The legs skidded across the floor . A waterfall of plates cascaded
over the corner .
No barrier separated her from Thapa. She’d ordered her guards to leave them alone. The hulking Firebender glanced at the door , someone
accustomed to checking for witnesses before acting, and then at her . “Last chance.”
Chaisee didn’ t get up.
Grease dripping down chins, light from the cookfires glinting of f the fat. The cold ashes of her family’ s hut, sifting through her toes. What kind
of home could vanish so easily? No home at all. The only foundation you could trust was one you’d built yourself. Thapa took a step closer .
“Upon fickle whim, the mind invites its masters,” Chaisee said.
She snapped her fingers.
Her asset stopped moving. “The eyes and ears, four gates to block the conquering truth,” Thapa responded.
For a while Chaisee said nothing. Therefore Thapa did nothing. He stood there, silently , awaiting command.
“Lower your head,” she said. He did as he was told, bowing. “Lower .
More.” The big lummox had all the height Chaisee lacked. Once their heads were level she looked into his eyes, spreading his lids apart with her thumb
and forefinger . His pupils had dilated; he didn’ t seem to be faking.
Chaisee sighed. She considered that Thapa might very well have done her a favor by murdering the other two Firebenders. He’d always taken to
the conditioning the best out of the three, and his treacherous nature didn’ t matter when she could force his pliancy . Henshe had lacked this guarantee
of Unanimity’ s loyalty , and that was why he’d been doomed to fail in BinEr. The idiot deserved whatever betrayal Thapa had inflicted upon him.

The plan was back on track. But she needed to make absolutely sure

there would be no further exercising of initiative.

“Pick up that knife and stab yourself in the thigh,” Chaisee said.
“Don’t hit an artery. And you can speak naturally.” She

hadn’t fully tested if

he was capable of passing undetected in this state or if people would notice

something off in his speech patterns.

Thapa made a gesture with his fingers, a signal for a bribe. “I’ll do it,
but it’ll cost you.”
Chaisee stared at him.

“Kidding, kidding,” Thapa said. Her asset found the knife by his feet.
He plucked it off the floor and held it in a reverse grip, the sharp point

facing down and toward the meat of his own leg. “How many times?”

THE OA THBREAKER
Kavik thought he knew rich from the times he’d infiltrated properties owned by the Bin-Er shangs. But he was wrong. T eiin and Noehi and the
rest of them were inexperienced campers bringing too many possessions on a hike, worried they wouldn’ t have enough luxuries to sustain them.
From the aerial view alone, the wealthy of T aku had no such concerns.
The roofs were tiled with expensive slate that had to have been earthbent one by one into the right shapes, the streets were as smooth as smoked
leather , and the fountain in the center of the square was literally gilded from base to peak. Above the busy commercial and residential sectors, T aku’s
famous Old T own climbed the inclines of tiny Mount W uyao like creeping ivy, tendrils of stately , aristocratic bungalows lacing across the slope.
He finally understood why the shangs of Bin-Er fought to grow their balance sheets with such tenacity . Taku was a measuring stick they were
desperately trying to catch up to. Or it was the consolidated holder of all their debts. There was no reason the rival city couldn’ t have been both.
Kavik pulled back from the saddle railing and looked around. The procession of monks who’d joined them acted no dif ferently than the one
that had taken them to Jonduri. The Airbenders were relaxed and happy ,
cracking jokes and trading stories. Either word of the A vatar ’s exile from the North had been kept from them, or they’d been asked to pretend like
nothing had changed.
Kavik found either prospect immeasurably heavy inside his chest. This wasn’ t Yangchen’ s arrival. This was her farewell journey .
He could see only her back, her hands on the reins. He was afraid of who might show up once they landed and she turned around to face him,
Yangchen or one of the A vatars past who’d walked longer upon the ground and didn’ t share her invincible resolve.

“We’re descending,” she said. She sounded like herself. The bison dipped and the cheering of the crowds below grew louder .
Kavik could only sit. W ait. W atch. Like his job entailed.
Five Airbenders entered the bland, dingy white house in T aku’s international district using a back-alley door hidden behind a jook cart.
They’d successfully escaped the throngs of T aku residents surrounding the
Avatar ’s official lodgings with the aid of the monks who’d run a screening pattern using distracting, weaving movements. One last favor from the
Northern T emple.
No one had paid them any mind. Air Nomads might be a sight worth seeing, but not when you could lay your eyes on the pinnacle of
Airbenderhood. The poor suckers in the crowd might be waiting in the street outside that magnificent, currently empty mansion for a very long
time.
Kavik didn’ t mind that he wouldn’ t be staying in the finest accommodations the city had to of fer. As far as safe houses went, this one
was positively posh. The communal room was clean and dry , and there looked to be a kitchen and bathing area in the back. The place reminded
him of his parents’ house in Bin-Er .
The door shut behind them. “I think I have a headache,” Kavik said.
He threw back his orange hood, inhaled, and gagged. The scent of flowers reached up through his nose all the way to the back of his skull. “Did they
add extra perfume to the petals?”
They’d nearly been smothered by the waves of blossoms thrown by well-wishers and blessing-seekers. The residents of T aku had stolen and
multiplied the greeting celebrations from Jonduri. “This town doesn’ t spend silver when it can spend gold,” Y angchen said.
Tayagum and Akuudan shrugged of f their borrowed Airbender vestments. W earing the clothes of the temple felt like a special crime to
Kavik. Of course they’d all been ordered to put on the Air Nomad disguises by Yangchen, but the act had to be some kind of of fense in normal
circumstances. Defrauding of the wind and spirits, four counts. Punishment was merited.

As if to agree with him, the air suddenly began to shake, a crash of brass that vibrated through the house down to its foundations. Kavik
flinched from the noise, but then so did the others. They’d all learned to fear strange sounds coming from the sky .
Only the A vatar remained unmoved. “The great gong of T aku,” she explained to her startled crew . Another bone-rattling clash nearly drowned
her voice out. “During daylight, it sounds of f every hour on the hour .”
The anticipation of a third strike that never came was worse than the actual noise. “W e have to listen to that repeatedly?” Kavik asked once his
eardrums stopped bouncing.
“The only true wealth is time,” Y angchen said. “I’m taking a bath first to wash the perfume of f. Don’ t bother me for at least an hour . Maybe two.”
She stomped down the hallway to the other end of the house, her normally featherlike footfalls doubled in weight.
“She’ s taking it well,” Kavik muttered.
“Taking what well?” T ayagum snapped.
Had she not told them? The truth of her exile suddenly burned like a hot coal in his hands. “W orking, uh, with someone who turned on her .”
How could she not tell them?
Tayagum looked like he was about to unleash a tirade but clenched his teeth back together when Akuudan put a hand on his shoulder . No need to
rehash the recent past. “Come on,” Akuudan said gently . “Help me scrounge up something for dinner . I’m thinking ocean kumquat and komodo
sausage.”
“Fire Nation food?” Kavik was slightly confused.
Akuudan pointed with his chin at Jujinta. “W e like him better than you.” He gathered T ayagum about the waist and together they went of f to
the kitchen area.
This was the first time Kavik had come to grips with his former partner , alone, since returning to the fold. “So …” He scratched the back of
his neck.
Jujinta hadn’ t moved to take of f his disguise. His glower , completely devoid of any warmth, was a jarring contrast to the Airbender robes
underneath. Someone had sawn the head of f a temple statue and replaced it with the visage of a fearsome spirit who scared children into obeying their

parents. “Look at you!” Kavik said brightly . “New boss and everything.
How’ s it working out?”
“It has been the most glorious experience of my life.” Jujinta rubbed the bridge of his nose where the skin turned paler as if to check if his scar
was still there. The old wound was a smear across his face, like he’d tried to remove a surface blemish and scoured flesh of f instead. “Every moment in
the A vatar ’s service is a guided step along the true path. By following in her wake, I have been blessed with certainty in all I do.”
“As long as you’re happy .” Come to think of it, Kavik hadn’ t seen him perform his symbol-carving ritual once since their reunion.
“Yes. As long as Jujinta is happy , then no harm done. He doesn’ t know any better . That’ s what you were thinking, right?” Kavik wanted to protest
but was cut of f. “Let me tell you something. My happiness wasn’ t worth the chaos you let into the world, and neither was your brother ’s life.”
Back in Jonduri, Jujinta spoke like each word cost its length in gold bar. To have him cut with so many remarks was almost an honor . “I’ve
heard you claim you used to be an accountant,” Jujinta said. “Then you should know every person has two sides of the ledger . You can start feeling
better about yourself once your existence is a net gain.”
Kavik puckered his lips. Philosophy lessons from his former partner . “I
suppose a lecture is much better than threats.”
“Oh no, I just haven’ t gotten to those yet.” No one in the world could have said so with less af fectation than Jujinta. No archness, only fact. “I
know you left the inn at night to meet with someone. I told the A vatar the next day and she explicitly ordered me to drop the issue. That’ s the only
reason I didn’ t track down your contact and put a blade in their spine before doing the same to you.”
There was the Jujinta he was best acquainted with. Kavik put on a mild smile while surreptitiously feeling around him for water . There was some
farther down the hall, a growing mass. The A vatar ’s bath? He glanced around Jujinta’ s torso for his favored draw locations, the ones he knew
about at least. The loose Air Nomad robes did a good job of hiding them.
“I don’ t know who your new masters are, or why the A vatar accepts the situation,” Jujinta said. “But if you betray her again, I’ll kill you. If you
hurt her or anyone else on the team, I’ll kill you. If your death would further the A vatar ’s goals, I’ll kill you.”

He paid back the respect by watching Kavik’s hands for waterbending

motions. “It can be slow or fast,” he said. “Not every wound needs to be

fatal right away. Your spirit might benefit from additional time to repent in

your final moments. Pain can be cleansing.”
“I don’t think the Avatar would approve, Juji.”

“She wouldn’t know. You’d simply vanish. One less problem for her to

worry about.”

Likening him to Qiu, the man whose body they’d dumped in the ocean

together, seemed like an intentional low blow to Kavik. So he answered with one of his own. “Well, keep walking this path of truth. Maybe one day

you’ll be able to look your brother in the eye.”

Kavik was surprised as the words spilled out his mouth. He didn’t

know he could be so mean. Jujinta reared back and then settled into his feet

again. “I can’t believe I touched a bow for you.” He sounded more disgusted than anything else.

Akuudan poked his head around the corner. “Hey, one of you

knuckleheads come help me. The floor’s greasy and this is a job for younger knees.”

“I would be happy to scrub away the filth so it is never seen again on

the face of this earth,” Jujinta said. He joined the others in the kitchen.

Akuudan might have noticed something amiss, but then again, Jujinta’s