Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 13)

personally cost the Zongdu of Jonduri tonight, and it grew in giant steps with each shipment declared unsalvageable.
It was like forci ng the prisoner to build his own gallows. “Spo tted sea prunes, dried, twenty barrels, derelict,” T ael said. “ Striped sea prunes, dried,
twenty barrels, derelict. Mink -snake fur, collars and ruffs, full crate,
derelict. Camel-yak wool, second grade, five hundred skeins, derelict.”
He turned to Kavik. “And we’re done. You kind of ended on a losing streak there.”
The value of the wrecked goods was of a size where the numbers didn’ t matter anymore, as far as Kavik’ s own life was concerned. “They were
going to burn everything,” he said. “I didn’ t destroy this stuff. I saved half of it.”
“Bold claim. We’ll see if the boss-boss agrees after you expla in what happened. Come. I’ve got a ride waiting outside.”
Kavik snapped the tip of his charcoal pencil. The boss-boss? He was going to meet Chaisee? Of course. The larger the mistake, the higher you
had to raise the flag of your shame. He followed Tael to the door, his arms and legs suddenly heavy .
Jujinta and the rest of the under sized association squad that had gone in with Kavik waited by the exit. Pang, their nominal leader , sneer ed at Kavik
and nodded as Tael led him out. The new guy would catch the blame, as was tradition.
“Don’ t look so smug, Pang,” Tael said. “You’re going to account for this too.”
When Pang sputtered, his tongue poked out through the gap on his teeth. “What?! How is this my fault? Do I look like a W aterbender to you?”
Tael was unmoved. “Doesn’ t matter. You were in charge. Your raid,
your loss.”
“You sent us in without enough strength and left us hanging! We did the best we could!” Pang was frant ic at the prospect of being lumped in with
Kavik’ s coming punishment. “I’ll explain to Chaisee myself if I have to! It wasn’ t my fault!”
Tael halted and grimaced, making the face of a person who stubbed their toe, more annoyed at their own stupidity than anything else. He turned
around slowly and then slammed his hand into Pang’ s stomach.

Pang’ s eyes goggled out, and he made a single, weak cough. At first
Kavik thought Tael had merely punched him, a surprise body blow . No shame in keeling over from one of those. But a dark drip spattered on the
floor .
“Chaisee?” Tael said loudly , for the benefit of any and all witnesses.
“Who’ s that? I don’ t know a Chaisee.”
Kavik sprang back from the blood pooling on the ground as if it were a living, skittering insect. He shut his eyes and cowered away , but the image
of Tael cradling Pang by the neck with one hand and working the point of his knife upward with the other was going to be etched into his nightmares.
No, he whispered in his head. He crouched down as if getting lower ,
taking cover , would shield him from another death. No no no .
Pang’ s bloody wheezes becam e the loudest sounds in the entire warehouse. Then they stopped. “Wrap him in the wool and wet it down
before you nail the crate shut, so the whole thing rots,” Kavik heard Tael say. “It’ll hide the smell until we can throw the goods out.”
Kavik opened his blurry eyes a crack to see two men dragging Pang’ s body away. They were much smoother than he had been with Qiu. Practice
must have made perfect.
“Get up, Sifu Waterbender ,” Tael said to Kavik as he wiped the blade of the murder weapon with a cloth. “The boss-boss doesn’ t have time to wait
for you to grow a spine.”
Jujinta stepped between them. He’d recovered his wits from the fight and was back to his usual, impe rturbable self. Pang’ s death had not affected
him in the slightest, and neither did T ael. “That’ s my partner ,” he said.
Tael threw his head back and sighed. “Juji, I only put the two of you together because I thought it would be good for a laugh. And if you don’t
back down right now, well, there’ s plenty more crates that need to be disposed of.”
Kavik could only think of how Jujinta was out of knives. Tael still had the one. He rose to his full height and put a shaking hand on Jujinta’ s
shoulder . “It’ll be okay ,” he said, trying to keep his voice steady .
He still had one more out, looped around his neck. “I’ll be fine.” He tried a reassuring shake. It took three before Jujinta was convinced enough
to step aside.

Kavik followed Tael into the street and got into the carriage that was waiting for them. Together they rode off to see where the evening would
end.
The night was still young by Jonduri standards. Tael’s carriage was enclosed, so the passing sounds of revelry were muffled. A sudden burst of
laughter from a drunken party made Kavik clutch the logbook tighter . The fact that he’d been told to hang on to it was probably meant to be
demeaning at this point. A weight around his neck.
One of the wheels took a hard dip into a pothole. Kavik’ s ears perked for a splash, water he might have used to protect himself with. But there
was none.
“Something on your mind?” T ael said.
A great deal. “Pang was your man, through and through. He fought for the association and that’ s how you repay him?”
“Where Pang chose to place his faith is none of my business. He had a problem keepin g his mouth shut, and he botched the raid. People who
become more trouble than they’re worth in Jonduri tend to vanish.”
Bile rose in Kavik’ s throat. Any claim this city was better than Bin-Er was load of crock. It was just more organized. “What’ s going to happen to
the workers?”
“Well, they have families, so we can’t make them disappear easily . And it’s going to be hard for us to pin blame for the cargo losses on them
because none of them were Waterbenders. For now, they’ll sit in a harbormaster ’s brig, safe and sound.” Tael thumped the wall of the carriage
with his knuckles. “If I remem ber correctly , you don’t have family in the city. Do you?”
Kavik shrunk in his seat. He was a fresh face, just like he and Yangchen had discussed. Completely clean. The association didn’ t have to worry
about anyone coming to look for him.
He avoided touching the bison whistle under his kuspuk. Not yet. His mind was in as many pieces as the inventory . Despite the fact that he’d
come up blank on two different inspections of the warehouse , there was something in the logbook that felt like the missing piece to his mission. He

just couldn’ t put his finger on it yet. If he survived the night and made contact with the others, he could try recreating its contents from memory . If.
The carriage came to a stop. Kavik heard the driver outside jump down and open the door . Tael motioned for him to get out first.
Kavik stepped onto a pathway leading to a luxurious, two-story cottage.
The windows, real glass windo ws, were bright. The chirping of cicadacrickets over the lawn and the gentle clucking of the ostrich-h orses made him think of a farm. Animals got slaughtered in farms.
“In there,” T ael said. “And keep the book with you.”
They walked up to the entrance, which Tael opened for him like a guest of honor . Kavik paused to consider whether the bison whistle could be
heard from inside a building. He weighed the option of jumping on the other man right now and fighting for his life. His first step into the house
would be an opportune time to slide a knife between his ribs. “Are you not coming?” he asked.
“I was ordered to stay behind,” Tael said. “I’m just your humble courier .
The boss-boss says you’re to go find a seat and wait.”
It was now or never . Kavik took a deep breath and crossed the threshold. The door slammed shut behind him.
He found himself in a narrow maze of luxury . Boxed in by a sweetsmelling woode n hallway , his feet sinking into carpet as lush as a bog, an expensive glowing crystal cut with dozens of facets hanging overhead.
“Hello?” he tried. No answer .
He moved slowly , as if each piece of furniture he encountered might be a trap. A trunk would open its jaws and swallow him whole, or he’d fall
through the squeaking floorboa rds into a spiked pit. There was only one door open, and it led to a small study .
He took one of the chairs in the corner and waited as he was told. His pulse became the thrum of a dragonfly-hummingbird’ s wings. His one
solace was that this was far too nice a place to kill him. His corpse would make too much of a mess.
The sound of footsteps, coming from the ceiling. The master of the house descended the stairs above the study . Kavik’ s spine straig htened. His
lips parted. He froze in a tilted, halfway state, poised to get up but unable to leave his chair .

Between his wooden home and his old workbench on the lowest floor of
Nuqingaq’ s, Kavik had learned it was possible, extremely possible when you were familiar with the person, to tell who was going up and down a
flight of stairs just by the sound. His father was a slow thud-thud-thud,
always catching and settling his weight fully before the next step. His mother ’s telltale noise was a sliding swishhh, since she always held onto a
banister if available. If not, she ran her hand along the wall.
And the trail of light thumps that slalomed from one side of the stairs to the other , as if the maker of the noise were slowing their descent down a
mountain by following a path of switch-backs, belonged to a single person in Kavik’ s life. The door to the study opened, and in walked the boss-boss
of the association.
“Hi, Kavik,” said his older brother , Kalyaan.
OceanofPDF .com

CLOSING THE DEAL
No.
That was all Chaisee had cared to say to Henshe about delivering
Unanimity to Bin-Er . Through a hawk, not a human messenger . Sidao hadn’ t returned. It didn’ t take a genius to figure out why .
Sitting in his office in Bin-Er , Henshe crumpled the tiny scroll with its one-word respon se and hurled it at the hawk that had brought it, scaring the
bird into flying off before a retur n message could be stuffed into the tube on its leg. He hated Chaisee’ s blatant hypocrisy about the animals, the way she
sent outbound letters when it suited her but still demanded in-person visits.
He was going to have to play by her rules one more time. Immediately he packed his bags. He reassured the panicking shangs that everything was
fine, and he’d be back soon with the solution to all their problems.
Fine? had been their reaction. Fine?! Did he not see the barricades going up? Whole sections of town blocked off? Traffic had been cut in half!
There were rumors the Earth King was getting ready to step in!
This was exactly why they need ed Unanimity , Henshe told the shangs.
To blow out the fires they insisted on setting underneath their own chairs.
The anger in the streets wasn’ t the Avatar ’s doing. Neither was the Earth
King’ s growing suspicion. This was a harvest sown of greed and idiocy .
Now , if they could let him do his job, please.
It was the most he’d ever told his bosses off. Which was fine. Either he was going to come back from Jonduri a dead man walking, or with more
power in his hands than he knew what to do with.
A perk of his position was that he was allowed unrestricted personal travel between shang cities. He was one of the few people who could enjoy
a passen ger’s status without questioning by harbormasters. Once he was on board, he spent most of the trip lying in his bunk, staring at the ceiling of
his solitary quarters, pondering the irony .

Who would have thought that cutting back on the illicit shipments would be the tipping point for the residents of Bin-Er? After the Avatar left,
Henshe and the shangs had attempted to erase all traces of the unreported traffic she’d held over their heads, a move that was just common sense.
They’d turned junks away , canceled contracts, dumped the workers who would have processed those goods.
That last bit had set everything over the edge. Why? Henshe had to ask.
So many other past deals under past zongdus had ended in similar fashion.
Why did the city have to lose its mind over this one?
He wasn ’t a man who asked for much. He didn’ t need the whole world dancing to his tune. All he wished for was fairness. For the cogs to fit
together and turn in the direction they were supposed to.
The title of zongdu offered the holder an opportunity to make astounding amounts of money from kickbacks, budget-skimming, and
guiding the flow of deals and contracts. That was how it worked. That was why it cost so much money to bribe the people necessary to get appointed
to the role in the first place.
The procedure, standardized by the office holders before Henshe , was to go into massive amounts of debt to scrape the bribes together , make even
more massive profits during your term as zongdu, and then pay back the original loans. The difference that could be pocketed was potentially so
large you’d need every pair of trousers in the Middle Ring to hold it.
Previous “generations” of zongdus had successfully extract ed their rewards and moved on. Dooshim had gotten in and out with his money .
That was how the process worked.
But apparently now, during Henshe’ s turn, was when the gears had to fall off their pinnings. The Avatar had decided to make a name for herself
using him as a stepping-st one. Forget a profit. If his term didn’ t end the way he needed it to, he’d be ruined. Lower -than-Lower Ring ruined.
He just wanted what similar people in his position had received. To get in and out. Was that so much to ask? Couldn’ t the Avatar have delayed her
efforts by a few years, until after he’d left Bin-Er and disappeared from the annals of the Four Nations? He didn’ t love the fundamental idea behind
Unanimity , honestly , didn’ t have the same grand hopes for it as Chaisee.
But it was the only tool at his disposal that had the chance of staving off disaster .

When they arrived in Jonduri and he disembarked from the boat, feeling mugged by the humidity and heat, he found a woman waiting for him on the
dock among the coils of rope and barrels of pitch. She was pretty , with a smile wide enough to engulf a mango. He knew she was one of Chaisee’ s
attendants. He asked her name.
It didn’ t matter , she said. If the Zongdu of Bin-Er would be so kind as to accompany her , her mistress was waiting.
Henshe had been to Chaisee’ s house before, and he suffered the climb through the damp, insidious jungle. Once he was inside, he saw it was still
the same plain little training hall, aspiring to a guru’ s austerity . Nothing had changed since his last visit except for its owner , sitting in her chair .
“You look ready to pop,” he said to Chaisee. “What happened to your old servant? The man with the scar over his eye?”
“What didn’ t happen to him?” she said calml y. “I hired someone else. It was a matter of security .”
Henshe waited until the new attendant finished pouring their tea and left. The girl didn’ t need to know about the grisly fates her employer liked
to deal out for disloyalty . “It would be nice if you didn’ t have the same response every time your paranoia flares up. You literally killed my
messenger .”
“You chose a poor messenger . Sidao was a member of the Avatar ’s retinue and could have easily passed on your information to her. Did you
ever stop to think he might have been happily collecting payments from you and the shangs of Bin-Er while remaining loyal to her? The best of both
worlds.”
No, Henshe hadn’ t considered that Sidao had ever gotten the better of him, but he wasn’ t going to admit it. “All I’m saying is that you don’t have
to jump straight to permanent solutions.”
“Sidao wasn’t the only potential spy I had to deal with,” Chais ee went on, ignoring his advice. “There was a boy from Bin-Er , an obvious plant
attempt. And then the Avatar herself shows up on my island. You were sloppy , Henshe. Painfully so.”
She dropped the words he’d been fearing the whole boat ride. “My answer is still no. Unanimity came to fruition with my research and I have
borne its costs. We’re not deploying it simply because you’ve bungled the situation in your own city .”

Henshe stood up from his chair . He was a tall man, and he loomed over
Chaisee like a shade palm. “Do you know what the difference is between you and me?” he asked. He dropped his gaze. “Unlike you, I’m not
interested in building a dynasty .”
He had her atten tion now. Chaisee shifted, folded in her chair an inch. “I
know you’ve got plans,” Hensh e said. “Grand plans for the future. Your bloodline etched into history . Admirable. Really . But if I don’t get to see
tomorrow , neith er will you. I know too much about you, and your little experiments that you’re hoping might keep you in power forever . It
wouldn’ t take much for me to convince the Fire Lord he should put Jonduri in the hands of a less ambitious functionary .”
He picked up the steaming teapot, still mostly full. “If you don’t help me put out the fire in my house, then I will make sure it spreads to yours,”
he said to his fellow zongdu. He hurled the vessel at the wall above her shelf. The porcelain burst, sending hot water cascading over her precious
books and scrolls.
She made no movement, other than to eye him up and down. He let her.
The more spitefu l and reckless she thought him, the better . Chaisee was the one with the long-term outlook. She wanted to keep her title forever and for
all time. She wanted this little island to become her own clan holding, this city the jewel in her crown. In her eyes, she had generations to lose.
She came to a conclusion. “I relent. You’ve convinced me that the best place for Unanimity is Bin-Er . But I need more time.”
Henshe nodded, rocking his head over and over. So that’s how it is. He knew Chaisee well enough that when she was done talking to you, truly had
no intention of humoring a single word coming out of your mouth, she started feeding you promises, details. She would politely delay until you
withered on the vine.
“Of course,” Henshe said, getting up to leave. “This is an important decision. It shouldn’ t be rushed.”
He walked out of her house knowing exactly what to do. He was going to call in the one person who could get Unanimity from Jondu ri to Bin-Er
quickly , right out from under Chaisee’ s nose. Once the assets left her shores, her reaction wouldn’ t matter in the least.
Chaisee might have thought him incapable of long-term planning, but that wasn’ t the case. For all her smugness about catching spies, she’d

missed a very deep plant Henshe had successfully put inside her organization, someone who had been in his pocket from the day he first
stepped onto Jonduri soil.
He just hoped Kalyaan still remembered the signal for linking up. It had been a while since they last spoke.
OceanofPDF .com

FOLLOWING THROUGH
“Well?” Kalyaan said. “Aren’ t you going to say anything?”
Kavik screamed and launched himself at his brother .
Kalyaan happened to be the one person who could trounce him at wrestling every time. So when he managed to tackle Kalyaan to the carpet
and start throwing punches, some part of him knew this was an apology gift. Kalyaan letting it happen.
That meant he had to get his licks in quickly . “You—” he shouted,
trying to get around Kalyaan ’s forearms. His brother was laughing underneath. Laughing. “YOU—”
There was no finish to the insult, because at this moment Kavik truly did not know what Kalyaan was. Someone he hadn’ t seen in years.
Someone who’d walked away from his family . He managed to grab
Kalyaan’ s hair and give the back of his head a thump against the floor .
“Ow! All right, that’s enough!” In a flash, Kalyaan was behind him,
snaking an arm around his neck and yanking him backward. Kalyaan squeezed tighter until Kavik’ s spit rattled in his throat and he smacked at his
older brother ’s elbows, a plea for mercy .
Kalyaan dragged Kavik to his feet. Only once they were both standing did he release the hold. Kavik gasped as his windpipe reformed back into
shape. He took a lap around the study to catch his breath, his hands on his kidneys like a stooped elder out for his morning walk.
Kalyaan waited patiently , resting against a bookshelf. Kavik’ s brother had not lost the perpetual leanness in his face that spoiled the chance of a
strong family resemblance. His hair had grown out, and he seemed to have given up on keeping it tied. They’d been about the same height when they’d
seen each other last, but Kavik was shocked by the fact anyway .
“So,” said Kalyaan. “How are Mother and Father?”
“You don’t get to ask that!” Kavik snarled. “You don’t get to ask that when you could have visited us! W ritten us! Let us know you were alive!”

“Kavik, I could have done absolutely none of those things.” Kalyaan waved his arms to say look ar ound you.
Yes, they were in Jonduri. That was the problem. “You were here the whole time,” Kavik muttered. “W orking for Zongdu Chaisee.”
Kalyaan looked embarrassed. “Technically I’m working for Zongdu
Henshe.”
Kalyaan explained that early on in his errand-running career , he associated with like-minded, ambitious young people in the International Quarter . It
was a good way to meet potential buyers. He became friends with a lowlevel administrator named Henshe who had an appetite for risk as big as his.
They started working together , securing small advantages and trading them into bigger ones.
The two of them were a success ful team. With Kalyaan’ s help, Henshe got his name out in the ranks of Bin-Er leadership and managed to secure
more resources for more ambitious plans. Such as getting Kalyaan overseas.
“The idea was that I’d be even more valuable on the other end of a trade route,” Kalyaan said. “A deep plant inside another zongdu’ s organization?
Worth a fortune . Jonduri was the biggest opportunity . I arrived here, made my way into Chaisee’ s associati on, and started passing Henshe information.
I think it worked better than expected.”
“Better?!” came Kavik’ s strangled reply . It was as if Kalyaan were still choking him.
Kalyaan made the look around gesture again. “I rose faster and higher in Chaisee’ s ranks than we could have dreamed. I take care of the projects
she doesn’ t want her name linked to, which means I have a say in matters.
For example, that mess you made at the warehouse? Not a problem anymore, because I said so. Everyone, including Chaisee and Tael, will see
it as the new guy heroically saving half the goods instead of destroying half,
because I see it that way .”
He was acting like he wanted Kavik to share in this feeling. This exuberance. “Once I got in deep, I couldn’ t contact the family safely . Not
even with a messenger hawk.”
“Oh, how thoughtful of you!” Kavik shouted. “Y ou were protecting us!”

“I’m protecting you still, Kavik . I got you through the association door because otherwi se you would have blundered straight into Chaisee’ s arms.
Just because I slipped past her guard doesn’ t mean you’re capable of it.
Why would you risk your life for the Avatar , of all people? There’ s no gain there.”
“You don’t know who I’m work ing for,” Kavik said, trying to force the words to come out evenly . His attempt at evasion was pitiful. It was
impossible to hide from someone who had your measure so fully .
“I do, though. Given the resources it took to get me to Jonduri, there’ s no way you could have made it here recently without abusing Air Nomad
travel privileges . And the fact that you showed up at the same time as the world’ s most famous Air Nomad makes it pretty clear you’re after
something big. Hand me the logbook, won’ t you?”
Kavik picked the book up from the floor and flung it at his brother ’s head. Kalyaan ducked, caught it as it bounced off the wall, and came up
laughing again. “I assume you started working for her for the same reason I
fell in league with Henshe. You thought it was the right move for the family .”
Passes. Kavik had just wanted to get passes out, to leave the mess of the shang cities behind. That’ s how this had started.
Kalyaan laid the logbook open on the desk, inspecting the recorded damage, the itemized contents. Kavik’ s handwriting all over the pages.
“Well, now I also have to assume you’ve memorized this. Curse our family’ s steel-tr ap minds. I’m going to kill Tael for not doing this work
himself.”
“Like you killed Qiu? Because he might have recognized you if he got too far inside the association? Like you killed that minister who worked for
the A vatar?”
Kalyaan did not raise his eyes from the book. Nor did he answer the questions. “You’ve put me in a really bad spot,” he said. “If the Avatar gets
too desperate for answers, too scared on your behalf, she might smash apart the whole trade route regardless of the consequences.”
He turned a page, and Kavik could see his brother ’s swift, furious,
restless mind working at speeds he had never been able to fathom in the past and still couldn’ t now. “I need to give her a victory . A distractio n,

while I pry Unanimity out of Chaisee’ s grip and into Henshe’ s. Once it reaches Bin-Er , this’ll all be over .”
Vintage. Utterly vintage Kalyaan. Striding through the blizzard,
impervious to the weather . “Are you going to tell me what Unanimity is?”
Kalyaan gave him the same smirk from when they were younger , when he came back to camp with bigger fish than anyone else. “Nothing bad. Just
leverage Henshe needs to maintain balance in Bin-Er . He wants the same thing as your boss, really . Stability . Peace.”
The Avatar Kavi k knew had railed against the idea of peace bought with suffering. Bin-E r wasn’ t balanced if the city bled families into the
mountains. “You’re afraid to tell me,” Kavik said. “You’re about to give
Henshe an asset that’ll let him get away with whatever he wants, and you want me to close my eyes and pretend everything will be okay .”
“Because it will. Nothing bad is going to happen if the Avatar doesn’ t get her way. The sun will rise, business will go on as usual. The world will
be tomo rrow much as it was yesterday .” Another flip of the page. “She just needs to receive the right infor mation from the right source. And then all
will be well.”
The implication was clear . “You want me to turn on her,” Kavik said.
“You want me to betray the A vatar .”
His brother at least had the decency to look up. To keep his shoulders from shrugging. “You make it sound like you’d be plunging a dagger into
the beating heart of the Four Nations. I’ll give you some good intelligence to pass on, treasure she’d be delighted to have in any scenario. It’ll just be a
little out of date.”
Kalyaan was already talking about his betrayal like an inevitability . An assumption where his loyalties would lie, but a powerful one. “Why would
I do that?”
“Because you don’t owe her anything!” Kalyaan snapped. “How is that so hard to under stand?” He slammed his fist into the book. “Kavik, Henshe
has me in a bind. I have to come through for him right here and now, or else he’ll reveal me to Chaisee. If she finds out I was a plant the whole time, I
wouldn’ t be dead; I’d be wishing I was. Becoming food for shark-squids is better than what Chaisee would do to me.”
He continued to press the pages until his knuckles cracked. “We’re in a vulnerable position. You, me, those two Water Tribe fellows running your

safe house. You’re very good at slipping tails, Kavik, but not as good as I
am at keeping them.” Kalyaan twisted his lips. “Their names are Akuudan and Tayagum, right? They seem to be taking good care of you. What are
they, substitutes for our parents while you’re in Jonduri?”
“Maybe they’re substitutes for you.”
His brother looked genuinely hurt. “I was going to come back,” Kalyaan said quietly . “Once I was ready and had the means, I was going to come
back. Y ou have to believe that.”
Kavik didn’ t respond.
Kalyaan shook his head, and his grimace disappeared. Back to being the one in charge, the one who knew more. “I am asking you to protect me,
Kavik. Have you forgotten I’m your family? These people, Henshe,
Chaisee, Yangch en; they don’t matter in the end. Let them play their games against each other . I can admit that we’re both in a little too deep at this
point. But only one of us is going to be killed if he fails. If there’ s a person in this world you owe, it’ s me, little brother . Not the A vatar .”
Somewhere along the line, the language of Middlers had infiltrated their relationship. Kalyaan had saved his life before, and now the debt was being
called in. What had happened to them? How had they come to this? You didn’ t try to square accounts with your own flesh and blood. The notion was
madness.
“You know, if you play this right, you can have it both ways,” Kalyaan said. “Just make the Avatar believe she needs to go to Port Tuugaq. The
assets were tested there. She’ll find plenty of clues to linger over. You’ll be her hero.”
He smiled to himself, liking this plan the more he thought about it. “In the meantime, she’ll be delaye d long enough to miss the real shipment.
You’d have plausible deniability afterward; given the evidence, her failure wouldn’ t look like your fault. She won’ t suspect you did anything wrong.
You can even remain her companion if you enjoy it so much.”
The advantage. The opportunity . Kalyaan saw things Kavik could not,
aimed at targets over the horizon and hit them as if they were inches away .
“You’d love that,” Kavik said. “Because then you’d have someone on the inside of the A vatar ’s retinue.”
“Well, yeah,” Kalyaan said. “As long as we’re being honest with each other .”