Title: Part of the dif ficulty was remembering her own lies. Concocted events were like a vision she had to force herself into having, unlike the ones that (Part 8)

Kavik ended up waiting longer than she expected. The meeting reached its doldrums, the midway lull when the participants were struck by how little
they’d accomplished.
“I’m sorry ,” Zongdu Ashoona said. He rubbed his eyes with the corners of his wrists. “Remind me again who the party of the second part is
for this clause.”
“You,” Chaisee snapped. She was the only participant who hadn’ t flagged in the slightest. “Are you a ‘yea’ or a ‘nay’?”
Ashoona coughed and rubbed his chest. “I lost track. W e’re going to have to start the contract over .” A groan rippled through the merchants in
the audience.
The screech of Kavik’ s chair as he stood up was like the cry of a hunting bird, alarming partly because of the unexpected direction it came
from. Until now , no attendant had been bold enough to speak unprompted.
“If I may ,” he said. “The Honorable Zongdu of Port T uugaq, based on the previous sums discussed, the order of seniority in which the share
agreements are applied, and the voyage success rates of the past two years,
will achieve with a ‘yea’ vote a seven in ten chance of profiting the equivalent of five thousand four hundred and twenty-three standard ingots
of silver , weighed against a three in ten chance of losing eight hundred thousand, six hundred and sixty-seven. A tremendous hidden risk masked
by a paltry reward.”
“You kept a running tally?” Ashoona said.
There were no notes in Kavik’ s hands. He recoiled from his elder ’s frown, fearful he’d overstepped. “In my head, yes, though it would be wise
if someone checked my calculations.”
A fury of clacking abacus beads was the only sound that filled the hall for a good minute. Iwashi’ s accountants got there first; one of them leaned
into his master ’s ear and whispered. “Master Lio is right,” Iwashi said.
“Down to the last ingot. Impressive.”
Kavik bowed deeply . “Please excuse my impertinence; I was only trying to act in good faith. It didn’ t seem right to let a business partner
mistakenly deal into a closed Thirteen Ministers.”
Iwashi’ s eyes lit up. Got him , Yangchen thought.
“Thank you, my boy ,” Ashoona said. “I appreciate your honesty .”

“A brain paired with a handsome face,” Iwashi said. “I thought

Airbenders were supposed to be immune to earthly charms, Avatar.” The

Zongdu of Taku smirked while his servants made sure his joke went

appreciated.
Laugh it up
, Yangchen thought.

We’re about to rob you blind
.

HOOKED
“I’m so glad you and Master Lio could join me, A vatar ,” Iwashi said as he led their unlikely little group along the gallery of shuimohua works. They
came upon a forest of daggerpines captured on unsized mulberry paper with inky, flowing strokes. “The game really comes to life when playing against
your peers, and there aren’ t many people in this world who can stand on equal footing with a zongdu these days. Ashoona’ s refused to touch a tile
ever since I trounced him at the last convocation.”
Though the others were loath to admit it last night at the safe house,
Kavik was their best option for keeping Iwashi distracted. He’d learned the rules for Sparrowbones while infiltrating the Jonduri association and
apparently humiliated its champion within a matter of days. “He’ s the best player I’ve ever seen,” Jujinta had admitted, sounding like a reluctant
witness sworn to tell the unpleasant truth. “If the plan requires beating
Iwashi, he’ s your man.”
Kavik didn’ t need to defeat Iwashi; he just needed to stall him. So far ,
the operation was proceeding smoothly . The invitation to a private, after -
business game had been procured and the others were preparing to move on the Bliss Eternal , the ship vulnerable without the presence of her owner .
The one complication they couldn’ t fully plan for was the fourth member of the party . The most likely scenario was that Iwashi would select
the most skilled member of his retinue to match against her and Kavik, but there was no guarantee whom he’d round out the table with. Anyone
present in the meeting hall after business concluded was a candidate.
And that was how Y angchen found herself walking down the hall arm in arm with none other than Zongdu Chaisee.
A marriage of convenience , Yangchen thought as they paused to admire the landscape hanging on the wall. At least Chaisee helped by

playing her part well. The Zongdu of Jonduri and the A vatar? Why , they got on famously . Har d workers both, common inter ests. Lent each other books .
“I must say , Avatar .” Chaisee patted the back of Y angchen’ s hand like a convalescing grandmother even though she was still in her thirties. “I do
so admire how you’ve brought the Bin-Er shangs in line. News reaches my ears of their unprecedented desire to serve the common good.” Her smile
was as faint as the brushwork depicting the wind blowing through the tree trunks. “Why , one might almost think they were suddenly afraid of you.”
“People are capable of great change.” You make my skin crawl . “When tended to properly , the common good serves us back. T eiin and Noehi and
the rest simply came to the truth.”
Oyaluk had the right of it; making nice with the enemy at close range was dif ficult and unpleasant. The two of them were able to fill a certain
amount of neutral territory with congratulations over the birth of Chaisee’ s baby , who waited for her back in Jonduri under the care of house staf f. But
on every other subject, Y angchen couldn’ t help but feel that all their statements were as loaded as crossbows. “Y ou’re too modest,” Chaisee said.
She leaned over to examine the corner of the painting, dragging Y angchen with her by the elbow . “What they saw was the value of quietude and
compliance in … Apologies, one moment.”
The zongdu reared back, forcing the A vatar to match her movement again. “Iwashi,” Chaisee called out. “Y ou’ve been had. This painting’ s a
fake.”
“Hmm?” Iwashi had guided Kavik farther down the hallway toward a weapons collection, as if decorative broadswords could only be truly
appreciated man-to-man.
“Bizhimao signs her work with the cat radical, not hair,” Chaisee explained. “Y ou and the for ger might be the only two idiots in the art world
who don’ t know that.”
Iwashi sucked on his teeth and ran a hand over imaginary hair .
“Doesn’ t matter if it’ s not real; people only need to think it so. I’ll sell it to a greater fool the first chance I get.”
“So you’re keeping it forever then,” Chaisee said.
“Ha! Good one! And to think I only have a few more convocations before your term ends. I don’ t know what I’ll do without your scintillating
company .”

Yangchen had never seen two zongdus interact behind closed doors before. She found the casual banter unsettling. Not only did it completely
overturn the picture she’d built of a stoic, humorless Chaisee, but watching her and Iwashi act cozy in secret rankled Y angchen’ s sense of fairness.
Merchant leaders always played up an image of ferocious business rivalries,
a world of never -ending cutthroat competition against their peers, but
Chaisee and Iwashi made the reality seem more like a backroom club where senior enough members patted each other on the back and scof fed at the
idea of fulfilling their surface-level duties.
No wonder Y angchen didn’ t get along with the White Lotus. She could already hear Mama A yunerak admonishing her for bringing her emotions
along. Don’ t be a child. This is how the meat gets butcher ed, without personal feelings coming into it. Y es, we’r e all playing the game against
each other , but you’r e not supposed to take it personally .
They reached a dead end. “Not those doors; that’ s my of fice,” Iwashi said. “W e’ll be playing in the parlor . Better views.” He pulled on a latch and
slid a screen wall to the side, revealing a sitting room that framed the ocean in lar ge glass windows spanning from floor to ceiling. Rows of shelves held
scholar ’s stones and miniature trees, many of the specimens pruned and trained in the cascade style, branches spilling over the edges of their
containers in green waves.
“What the blazes is that?” Kavik yelped. He pointed to the center of the room.
Squatting over the floor was a lar ge table covered in blood, rivulets of brownish red cascading over the edges. A pattern of slaughter covered the
top, as if the platform had served as an altar where dozens of victims had been sacrificed.
“Dramatic, isn’ t it?” Iwashi said. “Bloodlacquer . A product exclusive to Taku, refined from the resin of itchleaf trees. Looks and smells like
actual blood in liquid form and dries to a durable coating. I told the artisan who made it to surprise me with his impulses. I think the fellow might be
hiding a few dark secrets.”
He glanced over at Y angchen. “Oh dear ,” he said. “I’m sorry . I
understand how the goriness could be upsetting to an Air Nomad’ s sensibilities.”

Yangchen hissed into the flat of her hand. She couldn’ t care less about outward appearances. The table underneath the varnish had been carved
from the heart of a purple rosewood. A wave of nausea coursed up her throat when she saw the growth rings peeking through the coating, too
many to count. An unfathomably old man of the Foggy Swamp had been cut down while still alive to make Iwashi’ s statement piece.
Acid etched the back of Y angchen’ s tongue. Something ancient threatened to burst out of her , whipped into a frenzy by the destruction of a
being that would have weathered the ages had it not been for a single tiny pest whose entire lifetime barely registered as a mote of dust in comparison.
Old Iron. The giant spirit would understand her rage. The giant would approve if she reached out, closed her hand around Iwashi and simply
plucked him, like one would a biting insect—
Kavik reared back into her , hard.
Chaisee caught Y angchen before she tripped on her robes and fell over .
“Mind your employer ’s presence, Master Lio!” she snapped.
“Pardon!” Kavik bowed deep in apology . “I just lost my bearings for a moment.” He glanced up at Y angchen. “I … seem to be okay now?”
She leveled her breathing. Abbess Dagmola’ s counting patterns, sped up. She squeezed back into herself and hoped the skin of A vatar Y angchen
would hold. “It was only a slip,” she said.
Iwashi laughed condescendingly . “I’m glad my tastes could inspire such awe. Come, sit.”
He positioned Kavik across from Y angchen, himself and Chaisee to her right and left. Iwashi reached into a compartment and pulled out a set of
standard bamboo-backed tiles, plainer than she expected. “Before we start,
the stakes,” he said, resting his elbows on the tray , his chin cupped in his hands. “I find anything less than a silver ingot a point not worth the time
spent.”
Yangchen laughed. She’d been ready to squander her entire diplomatic expense budget for this distraction, but thousands of points could change
sides per round. The amount Iwashi was talking about could ruin a wealthy household in a single stroke of bad luck. “I think we might need a friendlier
bet.” She winked, mouth open in an exaggerated grin. “Air Nomad, in case anyone for got. I don’ t have money to my name.”

“Nonsense,” Iwashi said. “Y ou control the budget of Bin-Er , do you not? Just take what you need from there.”
“Gambling with public funds—”
“Happens all the time,” Iwashi finished for her . “What do you think we were doing down in the meeting hall? W e made bets on which projects
would pay of f and which ones wouldn’ t. Tell you what. I’ll sweeten the deal with the greatest treasure from my collection. If you end up ahead in money
won at the end of the session, you can have the extra prize on top.”
He got up and walked over to a long, narrow cabinet on the wall,
probably for his tree varietals that needed shade. “Again, Air Nomad,”
Yangchen said. “V aluables and possessions mean little to—”
Iwashi opened the wooden cover to reveal a glider -staff.
Her glider -staff.
The wings had been spread like the sides of a gutted fish, held open by pegs between the ribs. Storing it for display like that would cause damage.
The paper was already warping in the humidity , creases developing in the wrong spots.
“I bought this at a Bin-Er silent auction,” Iwashi said. “Given how much I paid, I hope you can confirm the provenance. I seem to be a sucker
for counterfeit items.”
Yangchen couldn’ t see the nicks and wear patterns from this distance,
but she could feel them. She knew where the shine of the lacquer had been buffed away by her grip, which of the tail pins needed replacement. She
hadn’ t gotten around to a proper maintenance session with her glider before losing it. Iwashi raised his eyebrows, expecting an answer . “That’ s mine all
right,” she said. “Or it used to be.”
Kavik was halfway out of his chair and openly fuming. “Lio,” she said quickly , before he ruined the plan by making a scene. “It’ s all right. I
donated my staf f to raise funds for Bin-Er and Zongdu Iwashi came by it honestly . Just … rather faster than I expected.”
“Oh, believe me, I snapped up this beauty as swiftly as I could.
Though, if it is yours, why is the name Jetsun carved into the tip? Someone you know?”
Yangchen grimaced. “The mark of the maker .”
Iwashi ran his thumb along the butt end, picking at the characters with his nail. “Maybe I should sand that of f; I don’ t want people getting

confused.” He glanced at Kavik, who knew about Jetsun. “My boy , if you’re that mad, then all you need to do is play well. I’m of fering the
Avatar ’s staf f on top of my portion of the stakes. This is your chance to give a fine present to your boss.”
“Interesting,” Chaisee said. “I feel compelled to match.” She reached behind her neck and undid a clasp, drawing out a single black pearl on a
string, lar ge and lustrous enough to turn the head of Mistress Noehi herself.
“This specimen is the result of my first successful dive as a youth. The night abalone where I grew up would very rarely produce pearls of a unique
color , but only in the island’ s most dangerous waters.”
“Right, this mysterious home island of yours that no one’ s ever visited in years,” Iwashi said. He turned to Kavik, looking for an audience. “She
probably cultured it from a common Jang Hui clam. I’m surprised the dye doesn’ t rub of f on her skin.”
“Hold on,” Y angchen said. She was getting swept up in a pace she didn’ t want to maintain. She needed the game to happen, but siphoning
funds from Bin-Er wasn’ t a risk she was willing to take. People’ s lives depended on that money .
“Avatar ,” Kavik said. She followed his glance to the window and with a great deal of consternation realized Iwashi’ s ship was visible in the
distance, the distinctive square banner of the Bliss Eternal fluttering in the wind. A single lull in the distraction and the zongdu might remember where
he really wanted to be at this hour .
“With your permission, I’d like to play ,” Kavik said. He leaned back in his chair and gave Y angchen the cockiest grin she had ever seen in her life.
“Trust me. By tomorrow morning Bin-Er will be richer , and you’ll be soaring through the air on your glider once more.”
“See?” Iwashi hooted. “Master Lio has the right attitude. Don’ t take any of this too seriously .”
Despite the exhortations, one real and one fake, she was considering her options seriously . Sparrowbones was a game of mathematics over
bluffing and drama. Even though Kavik was playing the role of a suitor trying to win his date a carnival prize, he was still genuinely the best
number cruncher she’d ever met. He could likely keep the game even for as long as they needed, especially with her help.

“Fine,” Y angchen said, exasperated the way anyone would be with an overconfident partner . “Let’ s begin.”
With an expert flick of the tray , Iwashi dumped the tiles out facedown. The four players reached in with both hands for the shuf fle. The clack of ivory
filled the room. “So,” Iwashi said. “Anyone have gossip to share?”
“The Saowon are up to no good again,” Chaisee said.
Yangchen’ s fists fell to the table. She took a deep breath. “What do you mean?”
“My sources tell me they’re refortifying the old strongholds across
Ma’inka.” The Zongdu of Jonduri spoke idly , as if informing her friends that the market was short on oranges. “Not for a war now , but for much
later in the future. It’ s a very long-term play but smart, given how they’ve been locked out of the highest level of Fire Nation politics. I approve.”
They couldn’ t. The Saowon wouldn’ t be so bold or so stupid. “Perhaps your sources are mistaken,” Y angchen said.
“No, it’ s true,” Iwashi said. “I sold them the stone. Good Earth
Kingdom granite. For some reason they were afraid of quarrying their home island.”
Yangchen wanted to hurl a fistful of tiles at the wall. She’d bought the spirit-stricken clan so many chances to simply live, and they couldn’ t. They
couldn’ t stop striving, couldn’ t stop seeking advantages. Her deal with the phoenix-eels had made the clan social pariahs, shut-ins, and so they’d
decided to turn their houses into citadels. We’re not br eaking your rules , she could imagine Earl Lohi saying.
“I’m sorry ,” Chaisee said. “I should have advised you to leave them to their fate when you visited me in Jonduri. Y ou can’ t ask people to change.
No lesson is ever truly learned except through pain.”
“New leaders always have too much faith in humanity ,” Iwashi said. “I
remember when I first took this job. I was very much like the young
Avatar .”
“Don’ t flatter yourself, Iwashi,” Chaisee said before Y angchen could unclench her teeth. “She actually works hard.”

“Hey!” Iwashi said with mock of fense. “Despite my current reputation,
I was quite active and generous early on. I was the very picture of a committed politician at first.”
“Forgive me for speaking out of turn …” Kavik said.
“My boy , you can relax. W e’re all equals in the game. Y ou want to know what happened?”
Kavik nodded. Iwashi began to stack tiles into the treasure pile, the distinctive pyramid shape they’d draw from throughout the round. “The
problem came after I threw the city a particularly indulgent Grave-T idying
Festival,” he said. “Y ou’d swear the entire population of T aku was hungover the next morning. I went out for an early stroll, and everywhere
throughout the streets people ran up to me with smiles on their faces. They told me how much they loved the celebrations, the food, the fireworks. How
much better my festival was than any of Zongdu W onseok’ s.”
He caught something in Y angchen’ s face she didn’ t realize she was giving away . “The young A vatar knows where I’m going with this. She
knows exactly why I became so upset.”
Iwashi stopped moving to see if Y angchen would jump in. When she didn’ t, he smirked. “Their praise,” he said. “The nature of their praise
offended me down to my very bones. They graded me. Like I was some sort of schoolboy with cake crumbs on my face. Who did they think they
were, believing they had the right to judge their benefactor?”
With his arms outstretched and his fingers hanging down, he looked like a caricature of a vengeful, neglected ancestor , coming slowly after his
irresponsible progeny . “Wonseok was a good zongdu by every conceivable measure, but the residents of T aku were comfortable smearing his name and
stamping upon his work. Y ou should have heard the filth they said about him! Y our neck would turn red!” Iwashi shook his head. “No. I glimpsed
the future that day and realized no matter how much of my spirit I poured into the job, people would talk about me in such terms. I decided then and
there not to waste a mote of ener gy on croaking insects.”
“You got scared of criticism that hadn’ t even happened yet,” Y angchen said. That’ s what we do her e, right? Rib each other .
But the noise that was supposed to be a scof f came out of her throat like a swallow of discomfort. Iwashi smirked, as if he knew he’d struck a
nerve. “Maybe. But I was right. Once the after glow of the festival wore of f,

I was blamed for an increase in street pests. T urns out the citizens had littered food everywhere during the celebration; the animals had gor ged on
the refuse and multiplied faster .”
The clacking ceased once the treasure pile was finished, making
Iwashi’ s voice cut through the room like a knife. “A vatar , your Saowon problem isn’ t actually with the Saowon, the Fire Nation, or any of the
nations. The true problem with the world lies deep inside humanity itself,
and despite your best ef forts it will never be fixed. Mankind is a poor investment. A barren field. The less you do for it, the better .”
Yangchen spoke slowly , categorically . “You are wrong, Iwashi. Y ou are wrong, and you always will be.”
Iwashi glanced downward. “W ell, part of you agrees with me. Or else your left little finger wouldn’ t be twitching so.”
She snatched her hand back into her sleeve before she could control herself. W rong move. The looks from the older members of the table were
full of pity . Kavik seemed excessively worried, like she might abandon her entire worldview because of a single misinterpreted tell.
Iwashi could score points of f her in frivolous debates all he wanted. In fact, the lengthier the better . She composed herself and turned to Chaisee.
“Our hosts presents an interesting ar gument about human nature,”
Yangchen said. “Do you have one of your own?”
“I believe I mentioned it already .” Chaisee helped herself to the capstone of the pyramid. “Build your hands, everyone.”
Compared to mythic, ancient Pai Sho, Sparrowbones was a newborn,
having sprung into the world a generation or two before Szeto. Y angchen learned the rules herself when she was younger , not through a past life. Had
her immediate predecessor ever allowed himself to indulge in frivolous pursuits, he would have enjoyed the pastime, she thought. The game
embodied the current age of money quite well.
In Pai Sho, a victory was a victory; there was no concept of “by how much.” But in a standard four -sided Sparrowbones match, the winner of a
round could profit of f any number of losers across a wide range of points.
You couldn’ t see your opponents’ tiles—you could only infer them.

Iwashi took the first draw . Yangchen and Kavik made eye contact;
their primary strategy was still on. The two of them would exploit their numbers advantage by racing toward low value combinations, ending
rounds early with “coward hands,” and trade meaningless sums back and forth to stall the conclusion as long as possible.
“Feast,” Iwashi said. He tipped over his rack. “Ah, Master Lio, that’ s bad manners to keep drawing after the game is over ,” he said as Kavik
reached for his first tile.
Iwashi was met with blank stares. He gestured at his revealed combination. “Closed-ended Stars in the Darkness , worth three thousand
points, doubled for a self-drawn completion, redoubled for going out on my first turn. That’ s twelve thousand points, more than the ten thousand table
limit. The game is over , and everyone here owes me some silver , I believe.”
He snatched Chaisee’ s pearl and stood up from the table. “W e’ll sort out the transfer of funds later . Now if you’ll excuse me, I need to head
down to the docks so I can catch the last hour of favorable winds.”
“Iwashi, I haven’ t even gone yet,” Chaisee said.
“Tough. That’ s the beautiful thing about Sparrowbones, isn’ t it? All the skill in the world can be nulled out by a bit of luck, just like in the real
world. Look at the A vatar and Master Lio, Chaisee. They’re not complaining.”
A bit of luck . Iwashi had managed to land the highest scoring combination in the game in one deal. “The odds,” Yangchen whispered.
“The chances of this happening were … were …”
“Lio,” Iwashi said. “T ell the A vatar what the chances were.”
Kavik needed a moment to find his voice. “One in three thousand seven hundred forty-four ,” he croaked.
“Eh, so more than a bit,” Iwashi said. “Anyway , the sea calls me.
You’re all welcome to join me on my boat.” He walked over to the window ,
undid the latch, and threw it open to let in the sea breeze. “That is, unless you want to keep playing. Open stakes, no table limit this time.”
Yangchen gripped her robes at the knees, somehow already beaten into the universal posture of the debtor . The salt air stung her nostrils. They
hadn’ t consumed enough time. Kavik stared at her , wide-eyed and waiting for orders.

She’d been hustled. She was the fisherman, yanked underwater by her

own line. The Zongdu of Taku had found his greater fool. “We can

continue.” She and Kavik could still try their team strategy to avoid further

damage. Maybe even win something back.

Iwashi turned around, framed by the sea and sky. “Very good.” He

retook his seat and began shuffling the tiles. “I don’t think you have too

much to worry about, Avatar. My previous win was a fluke. It’s not like

victories of that magnitude happen every round.”

LANDED
“Feast ,” Iwashi said. “ Four Gales . Twelve hundred points. No doublers this time, unfortunately .”
Yangchen’ s jaw was sore from clenching her teeth. Acting was no longer a concern here. “How … do you keep … dealing into him!?”
“I don’ t know!” Kavik wailed. He was on the ver ge of tears. “That many consecutive melds should happen only once in every fifty thousand
games!”
“Ah, you see, there’ s your issue.” Iwashi sipped the tea a servant had brought him. “Y ou have an overreliance on numbers, Lio. Y ou need to learn
to read the flow . Luck is a fickle guest. Though plenty of ‘rational’ men and women may deny it, the tides of fortune are a very real force.” He gestured
at Yangchen with his little finger; the rest held his cup. “Much like the spirits.”
Curse this game , Yangchen thought. Curse this game and its stupid names for countless winning combinations that found their ways into
Iwashi’ s hands over and over . The Zongdu of Taku had preyed upon Kavik especially , scoring hit after direct hit upon her so-called expert.
Both Y angchen’ s and Kavik’ s losses came at the expense of Bin-Er .
They couldn’ t continue like this or else the city would become a silent
Tienhaishi, its residents sucked dry by the debts she’d signed on their behalf. Y angchen drew her hands over her face, using the motion to peer at
Chaisee.
The Zongdu of Jonduri, who’d somehow managed to remain relatively breakeven throughout the carnage, caught her looking and shrugged. Leave
me out of this , her frown seemed to say .
Pity from her worst enemy . Yangchen would rather be locked in a staring contest with Thapa.

“Can we—Can we take a short break?” Kavik pleaded. He mopped his brow . “Just for a few minutes.”
“But of course,” Iwashi said. Kavik got up and stumbled to the sliding door, not the window , the wrong way if he needed air . He nearly pulled the
frame out of its slot, amusing Iwashi rather than angering him, and lurched down the hall.
“Excuse me.” Y angchen withdrew from the table—more chuckles from her host—and chased after her partner .
She caught up to Kavik around the bend of the art gallery where he leaned against the wall. Maybe he was sick. That would have explained his
disaster of a performance. “What is going on?”
“Can they hear us?”
The hall was empty but just to be sure, Y angchen spun the air around them. The indoor version of the trick she’d used with Chief Oyaluk was less
effective but would have to do; the window Iwashi had opened was her cover .
Kavik straightened and turned around. The sheen of panic on his face was nowhere to be found. Other than the sweat beading on his skin, he was
as calm as could be. “Iwashi’ s cheating,” he said.
Yangchen opened her mouth to shout, but nothing came forth. She was caught somewhere between complete surprise and disgust with herself for
not considering the possibility . “He’ s cheating,” Kavik repeated. “He’ s elbow leeching, edge reading, wall gliding, every dirty trick in the book.”
“Sleight of hand?” That simple? “I would have seen him—”
Kavik gave her a quizzical look. No, she reflected. I’ve been distracted . The table, her glider , Chaisee’ s presence. Iwashi had fooled her .
Kavik skipped the opportunity to call her out on it. “He was only testing the waters at first,” he said. “I wanted him to think he could keep
getting away with it. When we go back in there, I need your help to reraise the stakes as high as we can.”
“Are you kidding?” Yangchen shouted under her breath. “If he’ s been cheating the whole time, that’ s our chance to catch him in the act so we can
annul our losses!”
“Getting caught isn’ t going to faze him.” Kavik set his jaw . “Iwashi is a hypocrite and a bully . He was never interested in a fair game or a test of