Title: Full Text

VOICES OF THE PAST

Jetsun paced down the hallway, trying to stay ahead of the screams.

The high ceilings of the Western Air Temple tended to make echoes of

whispers and explosions of dropped teacups. Though the girl was back in

the infirmary being watched by the elders, her cries of pain sprang from

every surface, bouncing off the hard stone.

Jetsun couldn’t take it anymore and broke into a full run. Ignoring

decorum, she sped past her sisters, ruffling robes, upsetting inkpots,

prematurely ruining colorful sand paintings that were meant to be ruined

only once they were finished. No one scolded her or gave her sharp looks in

passing. They understood.

When she ran out of floor, she jumped. The upside-down construction

of the temple meant that despite its overall size, there was very little space

to stand on, nothing connecting the spires but thin air and a three-thousandfoot drop. She didn’t have her glider. Eminently dangerous, but she could

make the leap without it.

Air at her back and air against her robes gave her enough loft to land on

the next tower, the one containing the Great Library. Tsering, chief

caretaker of the books, waited in front of the tall shelves. The older

woman’s kind eyes were edged with worry. “I saw you coming. Is it

happening again?”

Jetsun nodded. “Mesose,” she said.

Tsering blew out a breath, a silent whistle of frustration. “That could be

Mesose, famous scholar of the Ru Ming era. There’s a Mesose village in Hu

Xin; it might have been named after a founder. Or it could just be someone

called Mesose, in which case we’re stuck.”

Avatars tended to run in exalted circles. Or they elevated the people

around them to fame. “It has to be the first one,” Jetsun said.

Another wail turned both their heads. The child was suffering. “Help me

and it’ll go faster,” Tsering said. “Northwest corner, start with the poetry

shelves, Ru with the three drops of water radical.”

They split up to search different sections of the ancient vault. Jetsun ran

her eyes over labels and titles as fast as she could. Not every book fit on a

shelf. Many of the tomes kept at the Western Temple were so old they were

written on bamboo slips instead of paper. She passed rolled bales of text

wider around than some of the pillars connecting the ceilings to the floors.

Five minutes later she emerged from the library’s depths, clutching a

treatise on she didn’t know exactly what. What mattered was the author’s

name.

Tsering met her by the door. “I couldn’t find any leads. You’re holding

our best shot.”

“Thank you.” Jetsun sprinted back in the direction she came, the book

tucked under her arm.

“Use your glider next time!” Tsering yelled.

Jetsun burst back into the infirmary. The huddle of elders parted to let her

through. The girl’s thrashing had settled into dry, cavernous sobs. She

pounded her fist on her pillow over and over, not the involuntary shaking of

a fever but rather the deliberate motion born of a steady, all-consuming

anguish that should have been beyond her eight years.

“We’ll leave you two alone,” Abbess Dagmola said. She and the rest of

the nuns filed out. Too many people sometimes ruined the effect. Jetsun

opened the book to a random page and began to read.

“ ‘The level of risk can be determined by elevation, nearness to the

source of water, vulnerability to rapid flows, and potential economic

damage,’ ” she said. Confused, she briefly turned the volume to look at the

cover. A Discourse on Floodplain Management.

Why in the world do we have this book? Jetsun shook her head. It didn’t

matter. “ ‘Understanding previous measures taken to mitigate the damage

from flooding is essential, for they might compile danger instead of

reducing it.’ ”

The girl took a shuddering gasp of air and relaxed. “Half a year and

that’s as far as you’ve gotten?” she said, smiling at no one. “You have to

stop taking on so many projects at once, Se-Se.”

It worked. Thank the spirits, it worked. Jetsun kept reading, plowing

through the unfamiliar concepts mechanically. “ ‘On the subject of silt

deposits . . .’ ”

The first time the child went through this, they had no clue as to what

was happening. The healers did their best to cool her fever and keep her as

comfortable as they could. As the incidents reoccurred, her babbling,

incoherent at first, started to coalesce into sentences, names, slices of

conversations. The words meant nothing to her caregivers until one day

they heard her talking to His Majesty the Earth King Zhoulai. A man she’d

never met, who’d died three centuries ago.

Thankfully, the abbess had thought to take notes. She’d written down

every intelligible scrap, and in scouring her pages she pieced together a

pattern. The names. Angilirq, Praew, Yotogawa. Names from every nation.

Names of past Avatar companions.

Not every phantom the child spoke to had made it into the annals of

history, and some that had were never acknowledged as having close ties to

an Avatar. Jetsun could only imagine the stories lost to time, filtering

through the girl, merest fragments sticking in her throat.

And the conversations were pleasant, frequently enough. She would

laugh with her friends in towns that had been renamed, provinces that no

longer existed. Jetsun had watched her leap from her bed and bellow at the

success of legendary winter hunts, sit on the floor and meditate with

someone else’s inner peace.

But occasionally she would have waking nightmares. Bouts of sorrow

and rage that threatened to tear her apart. She wouldn’t mutter names but

scream them as if she’d been betrayed by the universe itself.

By accident, they discovered she could sometimes be calmed by

figuring out the past figure she was talking to, when it was possible, and

speaking back to her from that perspective. The deeper they could dive into

the role the better, like parents reading a bedtime story, doing voices and

parts. Familiarity was the best balm they had, and they acted their hearts out

for her.

The girl nodded off by the time Jetsun reached a chapter on the proper

construction of seawalls. Tsering entered the room. No glider, Jetsun

noticed. She probably wanted to see if she could still make the jump too.

“How is she?” the librarian asked.

“Better,” Jetsun said. “Who was Mesose?”

“A companion of Avatar Gun,” Tsering said, coming over to the

bedside. “Skilled poet and engineer, who died in Ha’an when Gun failed to

hold back a tsunami.”

Jetsun found a sour taste rising in her mouth. “Failed?” Not the choice

of words she would have used for someone, Avatar or not, bravely

confronting a force of nature. Ha’an still stood today as a port when it

sounded like it could have been wiped off the map along with everyone

who’d lived there at the time.

“It’s what’s written. After Mesose drowned, Gun disappeared for quite a

while before returning to duty.”

You were grieving. If the waters that Gun fought were the same ones

that killed Mesose, then both the girl and the past life raging through her

might have personally witnessed their friend take their last breath before

plunging below the waves. They would have searched for a body in the

wreckage.

And worst of all, Jetsun thought, they would have had to struggle with

the terrible question of what if I’d done things differently? What if, what if,

what if? Perhaps Gun was the one who’d demanded the label of failure.

It was simply unjust. To remember the events of a single life was

painful enough. Reliving dozens of lives would be . . . well, it would be like

getting caught by a tsunami. Swept away by forces beyond your control.

“She’s a smart kid,” Jetsun said. “If she keeps having these visions,

she’ll figure out who she is long before she turns sixteen.”

Tsering sighed. She reached out and stroked the sleeping girl’s hair, now

matted with sweat.

“Oh, little Yangchen,” she said. “What are we going to do with you?”