Title: part of him was leaking everywhere. (Part 2)

“What?” Y angchen was wary . Revealing what you wanted was always the most vulnerable part of any negotiation. She wouldn’ t be surprised if
one of Thapa’ s former allies had learned a thing or two from him about holding out for more compensation.
But Y ingsu had a dif ferent need in mind. “Y ou said you didn’ t fully trust your companions. If suddenly you know where Unanimity was
developed, then it becomes obvious you learned from a firsthand source.”
“Someone could deduce you were still alive.” Clever of her to make the connection. Y angchen thought it a shame she couldn’ t make Y ingsu an
aboveboard member of the group. Chaisee had wasted her potential on destructive power instead of harnessing her smarts.
This was a problem. And the solution was ugly . “I … could create a ruse,” Y angchen muttered. “Run it on my own team. Have them complete a
fake mission and claim that was how I learned about the island.”
The advantages of pulling such a trick were many . A mission to nowhere, attacking a useless tar get, would not only keep a valuable source
like Y ingsu hidden from the White Lotus. It might also convince Chaisee that the A vatar was hopelessly chasing dust on the wind and lull the zongdu
into a false sense of security , right before Y angchen actually struck out for the island. The ideal patsy would even present itself in T aku.
“But I’d have to lie to my companions,” she considered out loud.
“More than I already have. Even an easy errand has risks.”
“Is this the same group who helped you take me and Henshe and the others down?”
Yangchen didn’ t respond. In Bin-Er , Kavik, Jujinta, T ayagum, and
Akuudan had all voluntarily run into mortal danger for her sake. T aking advantage of their loyalty had to cross a line.
“I’ll assume that’ s a yes,” Y ingsu said. “They’ll be fine. If you can’ t trust your friends, then at least trust them to be competent. Y our people are
skilled.”
Yangchen didn’ t want to dwell on the issue anymore for now . She had time to decide how low she would sink. “Stand,” she said to Y ingsu.
“There’ s another task I want from you as part of this deal.”
The Firebender didn’ t correct her language, implying that the bar gain had already been struck. A good sign. She rose, and kept rising, and rising.

Yangchen had to take a step back. She’d for gotten how tall the woman was.
“Well?” Y ingsu asked.
“I want you to try to blow me up.”
“What!”
“You’re going to perform your technique, and I’m going to see if I can repeat the trick I did to save Mingyur on command. I want to be able to
completely nullify Thapa if I see him again, even if he’ s attacking me directly . You’re going to be my practice partner .”
The ledge in front of the cave was fairly long, about enough space to hold an Agni Kai, should the notion take them. Y angchen walked to the far
edge and turned around. She’d seen Y ingsu’ s control with her own eyes,
how small and focused a blast she could make as opposed to Thapa’ s and
Xiaoyun’ s over -the-top explosions. By her estimations, this exercise was feasible. Only half a folly . The advantage she stood to gain by succeeding
was immeasurable.
The Firebender stared at her from across the flat plane, still in shock.
“Do you have a death wish!? I’m not going to shoot you point blank!”
Yangchen counted on her fingers the reasons why she should do just that. “I saved you from bleeding out in Bin-Er , I saved you from Thapa, and
I hold the keys to your chance at ever living in peace. Y ou are so deep in my pocket you’re covered in lint. If I want you to attack me, then you attack
me.”
Pivoting this bur geoning relationship back to matters of debt could have been the wrong choice. But Y angchen needed to extract as much value
as she could from her erstwhile prisoner while she had the chance, for a reason she would never admit to anyone.
I could have just killed you . Had Y angchen simply disposed of the three Firebenders with the same ruthlessness that Kavik’ s brother had
shown Henshe, then all of her problems would have been solved.
By the scales of logic, she should have done it. She should have denied
Chaisee the opportunity to steal back her assets. She’d passed over the chance to eliminate them in the heat of battle, when she would have been
justified by the unfolding chaos. I was defending myself and Bin-Er . A
much bleaker act would have been to lose her prisoners in the mountains once she found them unwilling to talk. A terrible burden on the spirit, but

on

her

spirit, the one the world thought a reasonable sacrifice for the greater

good.

It would have all been so very convenient. Another Avatar would have

decided to, easily. This she knew for a fact, from having lived through so

many similar moments.

But she hadn’t acted on the impulse. And now the notion that the world would have been better off had she made the rational choice to

eliminate three highly dangerous people would forever lie with her in bed.
It would sit with her when she meditated, sup from the same bowl at

mealtimes, and dye every sunset from here on out.

I need to know my mercy was worth something
, she thought as she

looked at Yingsu.

I need to know that keeping you alive until now wasn’t a

mistake. That there are merits to forgiveness and clemency. Or else I have

nothing left to stand on
.
Or else there was no point in being Yangchen anymore.

“What’s the matter?” she taunted. “Afraid you’ll kill the Avatar? You

weren’t such a coward in Bin-Er.”

Yingsu worked the skin of her forehead with her thumb. Yangchen

could guess that her headache came in shades of orange and yellow. “How

do you know I won’t go for an immediate lethal shot and escape by

myself?”

Yangchen gestured up at Nujian, still floating in the air. “He’s carrying

your supplies and shelter and will flee if you do me in. An experienced

mountaineer like you would know your chances of walking out of here

unaided are slim to none.”

Yingsu’s mouth flattened. “You are a horrible little girl, you know

that?”

She did. Quite well in fact. The Firebender sighed when she realized

Yangchen wouldn’t relent. “Come on,” Yingsu said. She pointed at a patch

of level ground lower down. “We need twice as much distance for this to

have a chance at being remotely safe.”

THE BURIAL
At least I’ve left the A vatar State , Yangchen thought as she parted her hands, the suction between her palms a model for the lar ger vacuum she
wanted to create. If she perished here, she would have a successor , a guarantee better than the one Chaisee had tried to secure. The A vatar
enjoyed a permanence that normal human beings like the Zongdu of Jonduri could only envy from afar .
She knew what to look for , from practicing with Y ingsu. The thin streak of vapor , the little rings that gave a tell of how far away the blossom
would be planted. The key was not to be distracted by the sound.
Tear the cloth. Rend the garment . Yangchen ripped her arms wide, the muscles in her back straining. Creating a lack, an absent space was hard
enough when she had time. Benders with only a basic understanding of negative jing thought air didn’ t resist. Not true. Air would fight you plenty .
There was a pulse between her and Thapa, barely detectable. The beat of an invisible heart.
And then nothing.
The only sign of an outcome was the dirt and debris wadding itself into a perfectly circular pile halfway along the basement floor , a breeze blowing
toward a center point to fill the void. Y angchen and Thapa blinked at each other , equally surprised. The collision between two of the most powerful
benders to currently walk the Four Nations had resulted in a whimper .
Yangchen’ s calm was gone. She swallowed a retch of fear , forcing the livery sourness back down her throat. Her mind raced uncontrollably over
all the ways that could have gone wrong. How she wouldn’ t be able to do that again. Not reliably . Not forever . Her reflexes were at their peak; they’d
decline as she got older .
But she did succeed. She’d managed to surround Thapa’ s nascent burst of purest positive ener gy with her emptiness. She had embraced the void,

only she’d placed it outside herself. Laghima’ s teachings modified to suit her need.
The blankness that seemed to encase Thapa sloughed away from his eyes and shoulders. He looked at Y angchen, incredulous and angrier with
each passing second, as if he only now comprehended his situation. She managed to smile. Ties go to me .
With a furious snort, Thapa sucked in another breath and hurled his head forward again. This time without buildup.
He wasn’ t supposed to be capable of that.
Yangchen was saved only by her tendency to over -prepare. She’d made Y ingsu stretch her speed to its limits when they’d practiced, just
because. Just in case. Her mantra. She emptied the air again, a knee-jerk reaction born of surprise and fright.
Another whicker , the soft huf f of a blown-out candle. Y angchen and
Thapa both reeled from the exertion of using their most powerful techniques at a finger snap. The cost of waging war over nothing itself.
Thapa shook his head and put his hand to his nose. It came away glistening red. W ith alarm, Y angchen noticed he was bleeding from his ears
as well. Not her doing this time, not like how she’d injured Mingyur . Thapa wasn’ t capable of firing again so quickly . Not without destroying himself
from the inside.
“Stop!” Y angchen shouted. “Y ou need help!”
Thapa inhaled again, churning his blood into a scarlet froth around his nostrils. But this time his chest failed to reach the size it had during his
other attempts. Instead of lunging forward he jerked to the side, clutching his neck as if his pathways couldn’ t handle the ener gies traveling in or out.
A tiny , incandescent spark burst over his head. Pop. Then another , and another , like a cloud of attacking fireflies. Pop-pop-pop-pop-pop .
I’m sorry . She screwed her foot into the ground. The circle of basement floor around Thapa dropped away , plummeting deep into the
earth, taking him with it. She didn’ t know how far she’d lowered him before the quaking earth knocked her of f her feet and a roaring red glow
came hurtling out of the tunnel she’d created.
Stones and clods of dirt came raining down. She had no strength left to bend them away . She merely shut her eyes and let the earth pelt her . The
least she deserved.

She lay there until the bombardment ceased, and then a little while

longer. Moments of rest had to be grabbed when they could.

Eventually, Yangchen rolled over and got to her feet. She had a duty to

perform. She stood up straight. Pressed her hands together and whispered a

funeral benediction for Thapa. Life was sacred. The loss of it had to be

recognized. She would never stop believing that.

When she was finished, she did a slow turn, searching for a way out.
She found the stairs behind her. With the entire

convocation hall snapped

off, the steps looked like they led nowhere. She trudged up the creaky

wooden planks until she reached the street.

A small crowd had gathered. The citizens of Taku gawked at her. She

didn’t know how much they’d witnessed. Surely most of them would have

been distracted by the moving convocation hall or remained clear of the area out of common sense. At the very least, the events hadn’t played out

the same way as in Bin-Er. She could blame the spectacle on a different

spirit. Her lungs hitched in a bad imitation of a laugh.

Yangchen staggered past members of the confused crowd. She didn’t

care what they thought of the Avatar, emerging from a hole, covered in dirt.
They could weigh in as they saw fit.

And that included Earth King Feishan, who stood in the middle of his

subjects, disguised in commoner’s clothes.

His Majesty was furious. Frozen in silent rage. He’d come to Taku to

obtain firsthand evidence of a conspiracy, secret dealings behind his back

that could threaten his grip on power.

Well, today he’d gathered plenty. Feishan never lacked for intelligence,
and Yangchen could tell he was fitting the pieces together in his mind more

or less correctly, all the way back to the first reports of explosions in the sky

over Bin-Er. It would no longer be possible to deceive him.

Yangchen bumped past the Earth King without acknowledgment.

I

could sleep
, she thought.

TRUTH
“Easy now ,” Akuudan said to Kalyaan in the darkness. “One hard shake and the kid starts bleeding again.”
“You’d better kill me,” Kalyaan replied coldly . “If the two of you have any sense, you’ll cut my throat right now .”
“Oh?” T ayagum sounded interested. “And why’ s that?”
“Because every moment you let me live is another chance I’ll escape.
And once I do, I won’ t just kill you. I’m going to butcher you. The spirits will turn their eyes away from your remains. There won’ t be enough left of
your corpses for the scavengers!”
“Listen to the big talk,” T ayagum said. “Maybe we should check those bandages again.”
“NO!” Kalyaan screamed.
Kavik had had enough. He opened his eyes. “Stop it,” he said. “All of you, stop.”
They were supposed to maintain the ruse until Jujinta returned, but he didn’ t want Kalyaan to experience any more of this. He was still Kavik’ s
brother . The cruelty had to end somewhere.
He struggled to his elbows and hissed. The puncture in his torso was real, but the wound was nowhere as deep or dangerous as they’d made it
appear . He looked over to see Kalyaan sitting on the floor , the rawhide biting into his arms and legs. The bindings still held.
“I’m not dying,” Kavik said. He reached into Akuudan’ s sleeve and pulled out the jointed straw hidden inside. A trail of sticky bloodlacquer
squirted from the tube, adding to the dried patch on his torso. “See?” he said. “Fake.” Most of it was, at least.
Kalyaan blinked once, all the time he needed to realize that he’d been had. He listed to the side like a ship blown by an unexpected gale. His
worldview probably needed more than a few adjustments.

So did Kavik’ s. He had never beaten his older brother at anything before, and now a crushing uncertainty lay heavy in the air . The two of
them were lost in uncharted territory again.
The only thing Kavik could be sure of was that he found no pride in the moment. Not when he’d played this dirty . Not when he’d exploited the
one bond that hadn’ t broken since their childhood in the North.
And yet, he knew he’d make the same choice all over again if he had to.
Y E S T E R D A Y
“Let Chaisee win,” the A vatar repeated, quoting Kalyaan while her team stood by her in her bedroom.
Kavik didn’ t know if he still counted as a member of that group. He’d just come back from meeting Do and A yunerak, and the others had arrayed
themselves like a jury . Yangchen had the same hollow look she’d worn the first time she’d cast him from her company . Nujian was still a fresh wound.
He waited for her to pass sentence. Repeat of fenders were always treated harsher .
Yangchen swung her legs of f the bed and planted her feet on the floor ,
hunching over . “She’ s already won. W e’re out of time.”
Her knee jogged up and down. “W e have to shift to damage control,”
she said. “Feishan’ s already here, which is bad enough. But I can’ t let Lord
Gonryu and Chief Oyaluk enter T aku with Thapa still under Chaisee’ s control. I need suggestions.”
“We send them messages,” Akuudan said. “W arn them away from the city. Easiest, most straightforward solution.”
“Yes.” Y angchen puttered her lips. “Let them know a potential threat waits to ambush them in T aku. W e’d keep the rulers of the Four Nations
from harm. Long enough for them to return home and declare war on each other . It’s an option.”
“You passed of f Bin-Er as the work of spirits, not humans,” T ayagum said. “Claim there’ s a spiritual disturbance and that the convocation needs
to be canceled. If anyone has authority over such matters, it’ s you.”

“I don’ t know how well that story took,” Y angchen said. “Feishan certainly never bought it in full. But it makes the list.”
She looked around the room and made a rolling motion with her hands as if begging them to speak faster . “There are no rejected ideas here,” she
said. “W e are desperate.”
Kavik couldn’ t keep up with the discussion. He could barely process the fact that Y angchen hadn’ t permanently banished him from her presence.
“Wait,” he said. “Y ou can’ t give in like this.”
“Didn’ t you hear me?” The bags under Y angchen’ s eyes were deep and dark. “The game is over . We’ve lost. There’ s nothing left to do except
grovel in front of Chaisee and pray she doesn’ t hurt us anymore.”
“That’ s just it,” Kavik said. “Up till now we’ve been playing for breakeven. Reacting to the enemy . We haven’ t tried to hurt them back.”
He remembered how the momentum during their Sparrowbones session with Iwashi had only changed once they stopped worrying about the
impending losses their side would suf fer and instead focused on what the enemy stood to lose. The way to beat a cheater was to outcheat them.
“My brother is Chaisee’ s right hand, and he’ s in T aku,” Kavik said.
“We attack her through him. And we go after him through me.”
Tayagum bristled, and the hostility that Kavik had been expecting finally reared its head. “Y ou’re full of it. W e know how you sided with
Kalyaan in Jonduri at the most critical moment. Y ou think we’re so gullible to believe you won’ t cave to his interests again?”
“I won’ t,” Kavik said. “In fact, I’m going to burn him. Or at least threaten to.”
He paused to reflect on whether his voice wavered. It hadn’ t. “I’m the only person in the city who can lure him out of hiding. Once I do, I’ll let
him know that I’ll spill his past as Henshe’ s plant to Chaisee. W e all know what she does to plants.”
“You’d be threatening him with torture and death,” Jujinta said.
Leave it to Jujinta to remove the gloss in one stroke. Kavik swallowed.
“Yes. He’ll have to flip to our side and give up Thapa.”
There was a pause, a good sign that his pitch was attractive enough to consider . “Give us the room, please,” Y angchen said to the others.
They filed out without complaint, even Jujinta. Being alone with the boss was normally a privilege, but not now , clearly . Once it was just Kavik

and Y angchen, she wasted little time. “Is this a ploy in service of the White
Lotus?”
“No. W e cut them out of the operation. It’ s like you suspect; they’re more interested in seizing control of Thapa than stopping him. And if
Kalyaan falls into their hands, I don’ t trust them not to use what he knows to expand Unanimity .”
Yangchen’ s knee had stopped bouncing. “What’ s different this time?
Huh?” Her growl was angry , the issue was personal. “Y ou feel bad about
Nujian? Did the island shame you into taking action? The guilt finally get to you? I tried telling you once before that we had to fight for people whom
we had no connection to, complete strangers, and you didn’ t buy it. Y ou picked your brother . Family above all else.”
“You have to trust me,” Kavik said. “Like you did with Iwashi.”
She threw her head back and laughed. “That was for money . A lot of money , granted, but still a pretend match with made-up rules. This is for the
world. This is for my—”
She caught herself and pulled back, mortified. Any number of words could have finished her sentence. Her reputation, her legacy , her spirit, her
conscience. Her ability to sleep at night. He wanted so badly to tell her that those were all worthy causes.
“I’ve been thinking about a piece of advice Jujinta gave me,” he said.
Yangchen frowned. “He told me I have to balance the books,” Kavik explained. “That’ s what matters. Actions and nothing else. How I feel, how
you feel about me, is irrelevant.”
Kavik had long since come around to the opinion that Jujinta was a sage in disguise. His words of wisdom could halt even the A vatar in her
tracks. Her anger dissipated, leaving only a husk of exhaustion behind.
“I can’ t tell when you’re lying, Kavik.” Her voice was dried out and withered. “Y ou’re that good. Few people have ever fooled me as badly as
you have. I made one of the most consequential mistakes of my life banking on you, and here you are, asking me to do it again.”
The collapse in her shoulders told him everything he needed to know .
She would give in, not because she believed in him, or had any inclination to welcome him back into her embrace. She was simply that desperate.
And in a twisted way , he didn’ t care. At some point in their lives,
everyone needed to be carried home. Let me do this for you , he thought. You

shouldn’ t have to bear the world alone .
Yangchen scrunched her eyes. Kavik could tell she was summoning enough strength to enter the whirlpool once more. “Let’ s say you do
manage to bring your brother to the table,” she finally said. “A threat can’ t be empty . If Kalyaan doesn’ t cave, or if he stalls for too long, then what?
Are you going to follow through and serve him up to Chaisee on a platter?”
He had an answer ready .
“If it comes to that,” Kavik said. “First, we’d resort to the backup plan.” He explained what he had in mind. In general terms. Sugarcoating as
much as possible.
“No.” Yangchen snapped upright. He’d shocked her back to alertness.
“Are you mad? W e’re not doing that.”
“Kalyaan has one weakness,” Kavik said. “Me. I say we take advantage as much as possible.”
One truth had traveled with his family , surviving the journey from their home in the North, to Bin-Er , then Jonduri, and now T aku in a circuit
around the shang cities. Kavik’ s brother loved him and would always protect him.
They could exploit that love.
“The kind of ruse you’re talking about is reprehensible,” Y angchen said. “Little better than actual torture. I can’ t be a party to such a scheme.”
“You’d certainly be tainted if you went along with my plan,” Kavik agreed. “It’ s almost like you’d have to atone by spending the rest of your
life working to bring balance to the Four Nations. Y ou might even have to keep going after you die.”
Yangchen stared at him, her eyes wild with disbelief at his impudence.
“What?” Kavik shaped his lips into the most punchable form he could muster . “Did you have dif ferent plans in mind for your next life?”
She flung her blankets at his face and stomped out of the room. It wasn’ t long before he heard her giving fresh orders to the others, asking to
see the maps of T aku again. Someone tore open the bag of buns. Not even the A vatar could fight on an empty stomach.
He smiled to himself. Glad to be of service .

T O D A Y
When Jujinta ducked back inside the apothecary after delivering the message to Y angchen at the convocation hall, the mood was anything but
triumphant. He glanced around at Kalyaan slumped in the corner , trussed like a roasted bird, T ayagum trying to extract Akuudan from the bladdered
vest full of bloodlacquer that had gotten stuck, Kavik applying a patch to his very real, still very painful injury . “Have we stopped pretending?”
They must have looked like a real collection of master spies. “Y es,”
Kavik said. He shifted wrong and hissed from the jolt that ran up his spine.
“Did you have to cut me so deep?”
“I told you it was going to hurt for real. What did you expect?”
Kavik supposed Jujinta had played his part perfectly , making the wound appear serious enough to fool Kalyaan’ s experienced eye but not so
grievous as to kill him. He didn’ t want to think about how his former partner learned to halt his blade at exactly the right level. T rial and error
required errors.
So much ef fort and they still hadn’ t achieved the victory he’d been aiming for . They could only arm the A vatar with more information and
hope she could use it to gain a better position against Chaisee. At the very least they’d be leaving the city with Kalyaan in tow .
“What do we do now?” Jujinta asked.
Kavik grimaced. “W e remain patient and—”
The gong of T aku struck.
They were nowhere near the hour mark. At this distance from the city center , the metal was a low , contemplative hum. The heads of everyone in
the room collectively snapped upward.
A second toll.
Kalyaan began laughing. “Y ou piddling amateurs. Y ou’ve given the whole game away . Your fumbling A vatar has led us all to our—”
“Stop talking,” Kavik said. He flung his soaked bandage at his brother and frosted the cloth over Kalyaan’ s mouth. They needed to hear .
The third ring sounded.
Akuudan shuddered. “That’ s it,” he said, despondent. “It’ s over .”
“No,” Kavik said. He pushed himself of f the bed, limped over and reached up to place his hand on the man’ s shoulder . “Believe in her .” Even

if that’ s all we have left .
He beckoned T ayagum and Jujinta closer . They seemed to understand.
Together the four of them closed ranks and formed a circle, arms bracing each other . Kavik had huddled with his mother and father like this once as
Unanimity shredded the skies above Bin-Er . This time the A vatar ’s companions shrank from the quiet, waiting for its end, each passing
moment another strike.
Kavik worried the inside of his lip until he tasted salt and copper . He could hear T ayagum and Akuudan beseeching T ui and La the same way
parents would ask for their child to come home safely . He could feel Jujinta rocking in place, adding his fervor to their plea.
As for himself, he simply counted. Slowly .
Somewhere around one hundred he found the courage to speak. “I
don’t hear explosions,” he murmured.
“I thought I felt the floor shake for a moment,” Jujinta said under his breath. “But I could have been imagining it.”
They waited longer . Two hundred.
Hope began to pump through Kavik’ s veins, thawing and cracking his frozen body . If the command to Thapa had been delivered, and no
detonation happened, that could only—well, probably—mean one thing.
Three hundred.
Tayagum was the first to call the results of the contest, unafraid to tempt fate. “Y ou know what?” he said to Kalyaan, who glowered furiously
at them over his gag. “I think our boss just beat your boss.”
Kavik thought so too. He let out the longest sigh of his life, his chin falling to his chest.
Only when he raised his head again did he realize he and the others were still holding each other in a tight embrace. No one let go.
The victory had curdled into awkwardness. “So …” Kavik said. “Are the four of us square?”
He was met with a round of icy stares. “Y ou have got to be kidding me!” he cried. “After everything we went through?”
A bizarre gulping noise came from his left. Jujinta was laughing.
Laughing .
Akuudan and T ayagum broke out into grins. They reached for him at the same time, their hands fighting over who could muss Kavik’ s hair

harder.
“I hate you all,” Kavik grumbled.

THE P ATH FOR WARD
Two plainly dressed sailors met at the T aku docks and boarded one of the lighter crafts. The afternoon provided fine conditions for a cruise, and had
an unfortunate calamity not befallen the Bliss Eternal , they would likely have seen the hulking pleasure boat gliding of f the coast, its giant banner
lapping in the breeze.
One of the pair knew what she was doing. Though she hadn’ t needed to travel by water much recently , she knew how to cleat the halyard, adjust
her heading, trim the jib sheets. Memories guided her hands with swift sureness. Sailing had changed little throughout the eras.
There was a good chance the other member of the party had never been on a boat before, outside of the floating feasts that were sometimes
held on giant rafts over Lake Laogai. Y angchen couldn’ t be sure. This Earth
King got around more than his predecessors.
Feishan was content to let her do the work of maneuvering the skif f.
Sometimes, when they met in secret like this, a little power struggle would ensue to see who would break the silence first. T oday set records, especially
since Y angchen took them out to sea without airbending the sails full or pressuring the hull with self-made waves. She thought it important to
experience life without bending sometimes.
Once they were far from the coast, T aku a smear on the hills, she lowered the sails so they might drift in place for a while. Feishan took a
sniff of the sea breeze and probed his teeth with his tongue. “Do you care to explain yourself?”
Yangchen didn’ t like it when he spoke to her like an employer , a superior of ficer. Not only did he lack the right to do so, but such language
and tone couched their relationship in reasonability . Extracting reason from
Feishan was an occasional victory , not a constant.
Yangchen shrugged. “How much did you see?”