Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 6)

Stretch. And then he would drag him back home, kicking and screaming if necessary , so their family could leave this spirits-forsaken city the same
way they arrived.
Together .
The start of his quest. The hard knocks of learning the information game had been shiny and charming for a while, as much as picking through stolen
meeting minutes and absorbing back-alley drubbings could be.
But that vow had taken place a long time ago. His self-imposed mission was dead now, Qiu its less-than-likely pallbearer . He didn’ t know what to
do.
Assuming Qiu was telling the truth, the timing lined up. It would explain why Kavik was having so much trouble finding a man in a city
most people weren’t allowed to leave. And it would mean that his older brother , without so much as a word or a letter , had walked out on his family
and left them behind for good.
Kavik felt very small and alone, sitting across from no one. He cleared his throat. He cleared his throat again.
“Hey ,” Qiu said in a rare mom ent of sympathy . “I’m sorry . I know
Water T ribe families are close.”
“Yeah, I . . .” He wanted to talk about something else. “What are you going to do with the letter?”
“Same as Kalyaan. Ditch this place.” Qiu wasn’ t so sorry or so sensitive as to avoid treading on the fresh wound. He smacked the paper . “I know
where I can get in touch with agents representing overseas buyers. They’ll bring me to them. I’m aiming for T aku. Getting out of the cold for good.”
Qiu didn’t have anyone to take with him. Kavik pushed the shapeless feeling inside him away , before it had the chance to become pity or envy .
Qiu got up and rearranged his heavy coat as he left. He paused by the door, giving Kavik a view of the undisguised glee on his round,
pockmarked face. He was free. “Give Kalyaan my best if you ever see him again,” he said, and disappeared into the street.
And with that, Kavik’ s chances of reuniting his family melted away . He slumped in his seat and pressed his skull against the booth wall until it hurt.

OceanofPDF .com

READING LEAVES
“Order something or get out.”
Kavik opened his eyes to see a gruff old man shaped like a barrel standing over him. He thumped the bamboo platter he’d been drying for
emphasis, displeased that a potential customer had dipped in and out without spending anything.
They engaged in a stare down. Kavik was going to comply , but in the slowest, most annoying way possible. He was in a mood.
“Sorry , sorry,” said a voice on the cusp of familiarity . “He was waiting for me.”
A figure slid into the seat across from him. She wore plain Earth
Kingdom winter clothing of quilted cotton, probably to avoid the furs of the
Water Tribe or Fire Nation. Her hair, though, was carefully styled in a pair of upper -class buns. Thick, impenetrable bangs reached down over her
forehead to her eyebrows.
This was the second time he’d shared a table with the Avatar and still he was nearly fooled.
“The square is completely blocked,” she explained to Kavik, her breath short. “I had to go all the way around. I hope you’re not upset with me.”
“Of course he isn’t, dear,” said the owner , suddenly all smiles. “Please,
take your time. The menu’ s on the slate board.”
Kavik frowned at the old man. Really? He got nothing but a warning sneer back, as if his new company were too good for him.
Spiritually speaking, she was. “That’ s some wig,” Kavik said to
Yangchen once they were alone.
“Do you like it?” She mockingly primped the sides with her gloved hands. “I hear the style’ s all the rage in the Fire Nation. Unfortunately my
clothes don’t match, but it was the best disguise I could put together on short notice.”

She looked more fetching than he cared to admit. “It’s only slightly less subtle than giant blue tattoos.”
“Yeah, well, I don’t have much of a choice. This city has given me its official welcome. I’ve got so many watchers posted on me now that Avatar
Yangchen can’t say hello to anyone in the street without the shangs knowing.”
Hmph. If anything, Kavik’ s attempted burglary was her introduction to how things worked in Bin-Er . “Did you get a good enough look at my
broker?”
“I did. You weren’t lying about being independent. That guy’s the opposite of a power player . Sloppiest handof f I’ve ever seen.”
Before leaving his house the other night, Yangchen, in one last jab to his professional pride, told Kavik he hadn’ t been as quick-fingered as he’d
thought. She’d seen him pilfer the envelope from her room and stuff it into his boot. But instead of demanding it back, she instructed him to deliver it
to Qiu as promised. “What was in it?” he asked.
“Garbage. I make fake versions of my correspondence from time to time, each copy different in one tiny but critical way, and let them get
intercepted. Based on how my opponents react, I can trace the chains of leaks. I also wanted to protect you in case someone along the way got upset
you came back empty-handed. This way , everything’ s fine.”
Wow. If Kavik worked for the Avatar , he’d have a much smart er, more diligent boss than Qiu. But they weren’ t quite there yet, were they? “I
thought about your offer,” he said. “I need more specifics. It’s only fair to tell me what I might be getting into.”
She took her time answering. Kavik had intentionally put her in a difficult spot, and fairness had nothing to do with it. She could reveal more
and risk him fleeing with knowledge of her intentions or lose her potential new recruit. The choice was hers.
After some thought she made her decision, and Kavik could see the determination flow through her posture like water through a pump. The girl
did not hesitate once she settled on a course of action.
“I have reason to believe the shangs of Bin-Er and Jonduri are planning to get their hands on an asset that would give them unlimited leverage over
the peop le insid e their cities and the Four Nations as a whole,” Yangchen

said. “I need someone to help me intercept it and make sure it never sees the light of day .”
Interesting. “What is this asset?”
“I don’t know yet. Logic would dictate it’s some kind of weapon, but
I’m having trouble imagining what could give a bunch of merchants enough power and confi dence to think they can turn their noses up at the leaders of
the world combined. It fits in shipping crates and can be packed on a boat.”
“Maybe it’s lots of weapons?” Kavik suggested. “Enough sword s to arm a force of their own?”
“It could be, but the shangs would be foolish to think they could put together more steel than a single division of the Earth King’ s army. I’ve run
through so many possibilities. Poison, or an apothecarial drug. A secret,
maybe, blackmail on a head of state. A small, compact treasure of immense value? I know High Chieftain Oyaluk is obsessed with recovering his
family’ s lost dynastic amulet and would give nearly anything to get it back.”
Yangchen rubbe d her eyes. It looked like the questions had cost her sleep. “They call it Unanimity ,” she said. “That’ s all I have.”
Very, very interesting. “I assume there’ s not enough evidence to get the rulers of the Four Nations involved.”
“I don’t want any of them involved,” she said. “If Unanimity is as powerful as the shangs believe, then it could tilt the world in favor of
whoever possesses it. I would like to find out what the asset is, and then make it go away . Quietly .”
A surge of yellin g outside turned their heads. A group of people on their way to the square, raising their voices early . The spell of curiosity she’d
cast over Kavik broke. “This is bizarre,” he said, shaking his head. “You’re the Avatar , and you’re plotting schemes in a dark teahouse. Why aren’ t you
out there, keeping the peace?”
“Keeping the peace?” There was a vibration in the air. “What do you believe that entails, keeping the peace? Are you of the opinion that I should
fly above the square and tell the hungry and poor of Bin-Er they should shut up and go home?”
“I didn’ t mean it like that.”
“You did until I pushed you.” She slumped in her bench, sullen, looking like her age for once, the same as Kavik’ s. “I tried talking to the people who

could have made a real difference, and they spat in my face. The shangs are going to continue to run roughshod over the people of this city unless I can
deny them the power of Unanimity . I presume you’ve heard of the waterbending saying, ‘A feather ’s weight moves a wagon’ s load’?”
He had. A classical teaching to focus on redirecting force instead of relying on brute opposition. Subtle moves for maximum effect. “This
scheme, as you put it, is where I apply the feather ,” Yangchen said. “If I can even manage that.”
She scoured her eyes again, and when her fingertips came away, they were damp. “I’m tired.” A norm al thing to say, but she made it come across
like a grave confession of an unforgivable crime. “I’m very tired of fighting this battle over and over .”
The proprietor came out from the back, carrying a steaming kettle. He plunked it down on the table, followed by two large cups filled with pearls
of dried tea, even though they hadn’t ordered anything yet. “Here, darling,”
he said to the disguised Yangchen. “Our best, on the house. You look like you need it.”
Kavik sputtered over the principle of the thing. No shopkeeper in BinEr gave stuff away to normal customers. The old man didn’ t know she was the A vatar . She wasn’ t even in her Air Nomad clothes.
“Thank you, uncle,” Y angchen said. She reached for the pot and poured.
As the tea steeped, she found a hidden reserve of energy to chat with the owner about Bin-Er and how it must have changed over the years in his
eyes. Talking face-to-face seemed to be her style with people regardless of whether they knew she was the A vatar . The man eagerly shared his opinions
with an attentive listener . By the time he was done, Yangchen was all but his legal heir .
“You,” the owner said to Kavik. “You treat a nice girl like her right, you hear?” He let loose a final warning glare and went to tend the stove.
Kavik watched the leaves unfurl in his cup. “Is this job going to be dangerous?” he asked. He knew the answer , but there were rituals.
Meaningless statements passed of f as due diligence.
“What do you think?” She didn’ t hold back her snort. “It’s going to make powerful people very angry . Funny how we’re talking about it, no?
We have ourselves to blame if anything bad happens, not them.”
At least she was being honest. “I have a price,” Kavik said.

“I suppose you do. Name it.”
The request came so easy, as if it were a retaliation against his vanished brother . After Qiu’s revelation, there was nothing left holding him and his
parents to Bin-Er . “I want passes out of the city for me and my family . Real ones. I want them so clean you could eat off them.” She didn’ t respond. “As
the A vatar you can get those, can you not?”
“I can. It’s just . . .” She bit her lip. “Your parents said it them selves.
The Bin-Er control office is one of the most corrupt, leaky institutions on the continent. If I put your name s through the process, it’ll be a signal pyre
to the shangs that you’re worki ng for me, and you’d become useless as a spy. I wouldn’ t be able to procure the passes until you complete the
mission.”
He could guess why she was uncomfortable. “You don’t like how that makes you feel,” Kavik said. “You would like to show an act of generosity
first and then have me serve you out of a sense of obligation. The goodness of my heart.”
The emotions behind gifts were tricky , Kavik knew well. “But if we go in this order , you’re withholdin g payment until I finish rendering services.
It make s it more obvious that you’re simply using me to get what you want.”
The Middler expression he’d heard used was “sky-pointing needle,”
referring to a scale that had been balanced down to the motes of dust. A
perfectly recipro cal transaction. Once a foreign, abhorrent idea to a Water
Tribe child who’d been raised to share without counting, to give everyone he met what they needed without keeping score.
“Welcome to Bin-Er ,” Kavik muttered. “Do you have any other options?”
Yangchen sighed. “I do not. I need an agent in Jonduri immediately .”
The delicate jasmine had finished steeping. Kavik picked up his cup and took a moment to consider the amber liquid. Tea poured by the Avatar
herself. Nobles could go their whole lives without ever being granted such an honor . “Then I guess you’ll just have to trust me.”
Before he could drink, an iron grip clamped around his wrist. Droplets of tea spattered the table. Yangchen leaned forward, a sprung wire. “Before
we make this official, tell me. The money I gave you. Who did you hand it

off to? I saw you transfer the coins to someone while I was tailing you from above, but I couldn’ t make them out.”
He had an idea what she was doing. “I gave it to—”
Yangchen loomed her face dangerously close to his until they were breathing the same air. “Look me in the eye while you answer ,” she said.
“Don’ t blink.”
Kavik stared into irises as gray as storm clouds before a vicious downpour . “I gave the money to a woman named Ayunerak who’ s lived
here since befor e the Platinum Affair. She runs a kitchen to feed the hungry .
She’ll put the coin to good use.”
The Avatar tilted her head back and forth, trying to see him in subtly different angles. “All right. All right. Points in your favor . Now tell me. Are
you working for a shang? Are you a plant?”
“How would I possibly be a plant—ow!”
Her fingers tightened. She was stronger than she appeared. “You’re my age,” Yangchen said. “Quite nice to look at, if you don’t mind me saying.
You’re certainly not another minister or dignitary trying to order me around.
When I ask around the Water Tribe Quarter , no one has a bad thing to say about you.”
More like they refused to say anything at all about him. His countrymen tended to keep business, good or bad, to themselves. “We met under very
unlikely circumstances where you managed to demonstrate a number of useful skills to me,” Yangchen said. “One of which is being an adept liar. I
made the choice to bring you on. Do you know how the best cons work?”
Kavik did know . “By making the target feel like they’re in control. You think there’ s a chance this was one big ploy to gain your trust.”
“There’ s a Pai Sho saying: ‘A good move for you is a good move for your opponent.’ Now answer the question. Are you working for a shang?
Are you working for Zongdu Henshe?”
“No,” Kavik said, and he couldn’ t stop himself from smirking.
Bluntness was the goal here, in both her question and his respon se. She was measuring his physical reactions. “I’m not working for a shang or the
zongdu or any of the powers that be in Bin-Er . I hate this city with every fiber of my being, and I want nothing more than to leave both it and you
behind.”

He let his declar ation soak in. “Now if you’re done measuring my pulse and checking if my pupils are changing width, my tea is gettin g cold,” he
said.
She let go of his wrist. He and his parents had done the right thing by not bringing up Kalyaan. There was no way the Avatar would have given
him this opportunity if she knew his brother had been a runner for the very people she was trying to bring down.
Yangchen studie d him for a bit longer , sitting so perfectly still she resembled a statue. Then she grudgingly picked up her teacup and held it to
Kavik’ s. “I suppose that’ll have to do for now,” she said. “To a successful partnership.”
They both drank slowly . Watching each other the whole time.
OceanofPDF .com

THE NORTHERN AIR TEMPLE
If you asked around the Water Tribe Quarter , Ujurak and Tapeesa’ s wayward boy was sick with the wet cough. A moderately serious illness
that required a couple of weeks of bed rest. Sometimes longer if you were unlucky . He’d probably caught it in the international district during one
shady outing or another , but no one was going to give that opinion to a
Middler or anyone remotely connected to the Earth King’ s law. If he had any shame left, he’d lay low for a while after he recovered.
Kavik the newly inducted Avatar ’s companion was under going intense study and meditation under Yangchen’ s wing and wouldn’ t be showing his
face for a very long time. Kavik’ s parents understood how important the training process was and had sworn themselves to secrecy . Becoming a
celebrity was a frequent and undesirable side effect of working with the
Avatar . The mind had to be strengthened first without outside interference so one could better serve the spiritual needs of the world.
“Jingli,” the nobody who possessed a shockingly high level of clearance, was sitting in the back of a wagon safeguarding a load of pottery .
No one in the supply caravan bothered him about why he had such an unusual name for a Waterbender . Sections of Bin-Er were cosmopolitan
enough that it wasn’ t too out of the ordinary .
The idea of using someone else’s real identity made Kavik deeply uncomfortable. It was one thing to make up a fleeting background when
necessary , but stepping into an existing life and taking it for your own was the sort of theft Kavik wanted to avoid. When Yangchen gave him the
wooden tag, similar to his own internal city pass but with a different grain pattern, she assured him Jingli was the most expensive and hard to obtain
kind of cover—completely fabri cated. An empty set of clothes looking for a body to fill them, only good for trips between Bin-Er and the Northern Air
Temple, nowhere else.

The wagon train he rode in was part of an alms mission. A small number of shop owners in Bin-Er looked to soothe their own spirits and
keep the winds of fortune blowing in their favor by donating unsold goods in bulk to their local Air Nomads. The crew of volunteers Kavik rode with
had been makin g the journey into the mountains for decades and had been given exceptions to the rules set in place by the Platinum Affair. They were
a dour, uninterested bunch, and Kavik wondered if they cared that many people in the city would have paid small fortunes to have the same level of
travel clearance.
The outskirts of Bin-Er were a bleak scrubland of month-old snowdrifts and reeds crispy with ice. The little guardhouses marking the line between
the shang territory and the Earth Kingdom looked pitifully inadequate to cover such a large tract, but that only meant the men inside were committed
to pursu ing you across the open ground, nothing blocking their sight lines,
until you were caught.
When the wagons pulled up to the guard station and halted, Kavik’ s stomach became the same cauldron from when he first set foot onto the
continent, the overheated roil warning him to turn back and go no farther .
The Earth Kingdom soldiers frightened him worse now that he was older .
Instead of being faceless, stoic green giants, they were human beings,
unpredictable and dangerous. He could smell the scallions on their breath and tell which ones hated their captain. The plan might fall apart if one of
them simply happened to be in a foul mood.
He held his breath while the soldiers pulled back tarps and inspected jars of vinegar dregs, bundled scraps of rags, tubs of broken grain. They
asked for his pass, and he handed it over, trying not to scream as the protective token left his possession. There was a high chance of getting
caught right here.
They let him through without a hitch. Him and the entire caravan.
He couldn’t believe it. The thing he’d wanted to do, this whole time,
had been done. He’d left Bin-Er . The Avatar had made the impossible happen. Such was her blessing.
His awe faded as he rememb ered his grand escape was merely a component of a larger plan. His parents were still stuck in the city behind
him. The Avatar ’s blessing, he groused once his heart stopped pounding in his chest.

They reached the mountains. From there it was a miserable four days in the back of the leading wagon, using slips of water to keep the fragile goods
from cracking against each other over the rocky trails. The driver , whose name was Choi, spoke little to him as they went down and up the slopes,
winding through treacherous passes. Nights passed in silence around the campfire.
On the fifth day, as the caravan rounded a bend, a cry went out. Kavik looked up, his neck popping, and saw the spires rising out of the mist.
He and a few other members of the crew who hadn’ t made the trip before stood up and pulled their hoods back to stare in reverence. It was
impossible not to. From a distance, the Northern Air Temple seemed a jeweler ’s piece, carved from the peak itself with tools of needlelike
precision. The green caps of its towers as fragile and delicate as the heads of mushrooms. A palace floating in the sky .
“You can quit gawkin’,” Choi said. “W e ain’ t goin’ there.”
The man was technically right; there was no way for a wagon to reach the temple proper . Instead of rising higher , the procession dipped down into
the valle y below , where there were several fallow barley fields. And to
Kavik’ s surpris e, a small village. When asked the name of it, Choi shrugged.
They pulled into the main road next to a storehouse and unloaded the wares, simple storage jars for grain and vinegar and vegetab le oil. Bogstandard labor by the side of the street. And yet Kavik was as dumbstruck
by the town as he was the temple. At least a third of the people out and about were Air Nomads.
He had never seen so many members of the wandering nation gathered in one place before, conducting their business—if it could ever be called
business for them. Monks of all ages were just . . . walking around. With their feet touching the ground.
Orange-shawled children chased each other past the knees of their elders and received words that could be interpreted as stern when they
bumped into people. The adults casually conversed with the layfolk, sharing complaints about the weather , truculent animals, the availabi lity of eggs
over the last month. These Air Nomads made faces when they stepped in mud and groaned in dismay when they realized they’d forgotten their
gliders on the other end of town.

Unbelievable. Kavik watched the regular villagers, wondering how many would froth with spiritual joy before his very eyes.
The answer was none. The ordinary men and women stepped out of the way of the Air Nomads but didn’ t grovel. At the beginning and end of a
conversation with a monk they’d make small covered-hand bows, but as proper punctuation, not as a declaration of unworthiness.
“Where are these people from?” Kavik asked as he lowered another small pallet of jars to the ground with a column of bent water .
“Places,” Choi said. “They ain’t Airbenders or nothin’. They just live here, farm what crops will grow in the mountains. There’re settlements like
this one around the other Air Temples where the monks and nuns can pick up what they need.”
Kavik unloaded the last of the cargo. Choi grunted in appreciation for the soft touch of a Waterbender . “We finished early so you can go explore
the village if you want. Mind yourself though. You’re still close to a holy place.”
Like he could forget, surrounded by so many shorn heads. Kavik leaped down from the wagon. He made it no farther than a few steps away when a
little boy in yellow robes accosted him.
“Fruit pie?” the young Air Nom ad said in a piping lilt, holding a tray of baked goods above his disturbingly lumpy head.
“Sure?” Kavik wasn’ t hungry , but he didn’ t want to be rude. He picked up a round saucer-sized pastry topped with a purple curlicue and bit into it.
The filling was good, sweet yam, but it spilled over his fingers, making a mess.
“Ahem.” The boy held out a bowl with a few coins in it and jangled them, expecting an addition.
Oh. So the snack wasn’ t a gift of hospitality to new arrivals. Kavik had to do a dance of embarrassment, fishing in his pockets with his free hand
while keeping his half-eaten pie away from his clothes.
The smallest he had was a silver . “No change,” the youn g monk intoned, fixing him with dark, abyss-like eyes. “Proceeds go to funding the
hospital.” He gestured at a large building farther up the side of the valley .
“The A vatar awaits you there. Hasten now , traveler .”
Whatever you say, unsettling child. Kavik dropped his money into the bowl and walked uphill to meet his new boss.

Kavik’ s specialty as an errand runner was that he could count accurately and fast. By his estimate, the hospital was twice as big as it should have
been, given the number of residents he put the town at. He paused by the door of the stone building, looking for a trap that might swallow him whole,
and went inside.
Rows of beds spanned the open floor . Air Nomad attendants traveled through the furrows, trying to see to the sick and injured, but there were too
many to treat at once. Everywhere he looked, Kavik saw cases of frostbite,
malnutrition, foot rot, snowblindness. Bandaged limbs and sunken cheeks.
The results of going into conditions that would kill you quickly if you weren’ t prepared.
Dry herbal incen se burned in the corners, and there was a monk whose sole duty was to keep a breeze circulating through the windows, but the
stench of decay was unmistakab le. Kavik had been breathing pure mountain air for the past couple of days, and the shift was hard to bear. Bin-Er smells
like this. Y ou just got used to it and for got.
The Avatar was easy to spot. She moved down the aisles, flanked by a contingent of older monks and nuns who worried loops of wooden beads
through their fingers while she healed the bedridden. While Yangchen worked, she talked quietly with one elder in particular , a mustached old
man who was so naturally bald that the remnants of his white hair formed a tiny, sideways-pointing skirt around his smooth head.
He looked up at Kavik. The wrinkles around his eyes read like a multitude of different texts written on top of the same paper , either
expressing the friendliest welco me or the most vehement disda in. Then he leaned back to Yangchen’ s ear, no doubt resuming a conversat ion of great
spiritual importance.
“Seriously?” Head Abbot Sonam said, managing to make the faint whisper sound like a wail of protest.
Yangchen kept her eyes on her task. “Y es.”
Most Air Nomads were very good at talking out of the corner of their mouths. They’d all been young once, even ancient fixtures like Sonam, and
a great portion of their childhoods were spent sitting in neat rows, facing

the same direction, while an elder gave incredibly long lectures. Muttering under your breath to your neighbor was second nature to her people.
“Avatar , we talked about this.” Sonam’ s mustache gave him the advantage of an extra shield. “Y ou cannot bring your spies into the temple.”
Yangchen hovered over a woman whose stubborn fever just would not break. She tossed aside the wate r she’d been using into a waste bucket and
drew a fresh batch from an attendant’ s basin. The blob of liquid glowed cool and blue between her hands. She gently applied it to the woman’ s
forehead, the same way she might a damp towel.
“First off, we’re not in the temple proper right now,” she said. “Second,
he hasn’ t started spying for me yet, so as far as anyone’ s concerned, he’s only my guest. Third, look around us. We’re drowning. This is one city out
of balance, never mind the world. I need him.”
“Bringing the business of the other nations to our doorstep is not going to simpl ify matters. You have no idea how the leaders of the world would
react if they knew you were launching operations from the temples.”
Yangchen refreshed her water , spilling a little on the floor , and started over again. “She may not wake easily ,” Sonam said. “Perhaps you should
move on for now .”
No. “Not when she’s so close. She’s so close to making a turn for the better .” Come on, she whispered in her mind to her patient, who was
burning up on the inside. Fight. Help me fight.
The woman’ s arms and legs started to jerk. Yangchen swore through her teeth, and Sonam stepped back to give her space. “Fetch a big tub!” she
shouted over her shoulder . “I need to get her into more water!”
“They’re all full!” said an attendant. “W e don’ t have any more!”
Her patient’ s shaking grew violent. Swelling in the head. Yangchen couldn’ t move her hands for fear of losing the woman entirely . She let loose
a string of whispered curses that, had anyone heard, could have damaged her image as the A vatar more than any public mishap.
“Make room!” she heard Kavik shout.
He must have run outside to get snowmelt, the only explanation for the sheer amount of water he carried in the air above his head. He struggled to
Yangchen’ s side, needing a lot of effort to keep the mass of liquid contained, but she wasn’ t going to complain. “Surround her body and keep
it flowing!” Y angchen ordered.