Title: Part of the dif ficulty was remembering her own lies. Concocted events were like a vision she had to force herself into having, unlike the ones that (Part 5)

caught a glimpse of Nujian flying back toward the temple, a full complement of Airbenders on his back. At least she’d gotten them out.
Because beyond that victory , she hadn’ t really thought through her next steps. A shower of dirt landed on her face. She and Y ingsu might be
buried alive at this rate.
What Unanimity did wasn’ t bending, she decided with surprising,
genuine hatred. It was a perversion. The air shook from the unnatural act and vibrations raced from the ground up her spine. She understood the one
monk’ s jabbering breakdown. The sensations overwhelmed the eyes and ears, an assault through the very channels an Airbender trained to keep
open.
The sizzling sound of ash descending to the earth faded away .
Yangchen counted through the quiet, the number reaching higher and higher . “Is he done or is he trying to bait us into moving?” she whispered to
Yingsu once she reached fifty . She didn’ t want to bend them to a better position in case an errant plume of dust showed Thapa exactly where to
aim.
“What do you think?” said the Firebender .
Then they were going to be here for a while, sharing this ditch side by side. Y ingsu hardly fit, given how tall the woman was. “Ironic,” Y angchen
said. “Not long ago you were the one who got closest to killing me.”
“If only I’d succeeded. Then I wouldn’ t be trapped here.” Y ingsu had been the most stubbornly silent of the prisoners; this was more than she
would normally speak in weeks. She had a strange voice with no upper register , as if she were eternally mocking a foolish grandfather . “And it was
plenty long ago. T ime passes so slowly in these mountains I nearly set my own hair on fire out of boredom.”
You should have taken up a hobby like Thapa . A breeze rustled the weeds and Y angchen seized her opportunity . While the vegetation along the
hillside remained briefly in motion, she craned her neck and built a picture of her surroundings in a flash. The skill took practice and was especially
prized by , well, the White Lotus. Sometimes Y angchen wondered if their animosity was due in part to how desirable a recruit she would have made.
As soon as the wind died, she hunkered back down to safety . A
wrinkle along the opposite hillside gave their enemy a wealth of comfortable options to hide in, a reverse slope defense. His superior

position was likely the reason Y ingsu hadn’ t wasted ef fort shooting back yet. “How do you know it’ s Thapa out there and not Xiaoyun?” Y angchen
asked.
“Blast pattern.” As Y ingsu stared at the sky , her long features turned into a snarl. “Plus the fact he’ s always been a back-stabbing rat-lick son of a
worm. I warned your flyboys as soon as I heard the first explosion.”
So she’d saved their lives. Y angchen began to laugh. She covered her mouth and there was nowhere for the giggles to escape but through her nose
as snorts.
“What’ s so funny?” Y ingsu demanded.
“Well, you know … Chaisee picked a bad name for the three of you.
Unanimity? ”
The Firebender scowled. “Codenames don’ t work if they contain meaning about their subject. They tossed out ‘Skyflower ’ and ‘Drumbeat’
for that very reason.”
She smoothed long strands of hair of f her forehead as if trying to clean a knife she wanted to use soon. The braids she once wore had long since
come undone. “This whole scheme was busted from the beginning. Ever since I got of f that ship and saw Henshe’ s stupid grinning face.”
“Oh?” Y angchen said carefully . “You weren’ t supposed to?”
“No. W e were originally going to deploy in—” Y ingsu realized she was giving away information, the very act she’d spent so long in the
mountains trying to avoid. She thumped the back of her head on the ground and made a face.
Preserving the honor of her masters hadn’ t paid of f in the slightest.
“No,” she finally muttered. “The plan was always to make a mess out of
Taku, not Bin-Er . We had maps of the city memorized and everything.”
Yangchen nearly bolted upright out of the ditch. Taku. She swallowed the thumping of her heart. “Why did you switch it up?”
“I don’ t know . We had a date we were supposed to be ready by , but the boss-boss came along and said we were shipping out early . Way early .”
Chaisee’ s lieutenant. Kavik’ s brother . “Was the boss-boss a W ater
Tribe man with eight fingers?”
“No, just a—Come to think of it, he did always wear gloves even though it was too hot. How did you know?”

How indeed. Special A vatar powers. Zongdu Henshe had called in a favor from his planted agent Kalyaan to deploy Unanimity in Bin-Er against
Chaisee’ s wishes, when she’d been saving them for a special occasion.
“What date were you supposed to be in T aku?” she asked.
Yingsu’ s answer confirmed Y angchen’ s worst fears. The same day as the end of the convocation. Chaisee wanted to bring her weapons to bear in
Taku when Chief Oyaluk, King Feishan, and Lord Gonryu would all be in town at the same time.
Thapa sent another blast into their side of the valley , close enough for the pressure to churn the contents of Y angchen’ s stomach. In a cityscape,
the explosion would have been a building the size of a temple courtyard gone, erased from existence along with anyone inside. No bodyguard in the
world could protect their char ge from an attack like that.
Henshe had tried deploying Unanimity to halt an army and terrorize a citizenry . He’d nearly succeeded but had lacked any real strategy or vision.
The true ideal use of this technique was the guaranteed elimination of a few key people. The feather ’s weight that moved a wagon’ s load.
“Enough of this nonsense!” Y ingsu shouted over the ringing in their ears. “It’ s him or us. Are you going to handle Thapa or do I have to?”
For a moment Y angchen thought she was asking her to take the air from Thapa’ s lungs like she’d done to capture him in the first place. She
almost replied that she couldn’ t create the void from this distance. But
Yingsu had never experienced the technique herself, so she couldn’ t have known about it.
She wanted the A vatar to take care of the problem the old-fashioned way. “I need him alive!” Y angchen yelled back.
“You only need one of us alive.”
Yangchen looked at her . She’d said it so easily , like a trusted advisor of many years. “Y ou only need one of us to interrogate, and I’ve already
cracked,” Y ingsu repeated. “Any more prisoners are unnecessary complications. The current situation kind of makes my point, does it not?”
Yingsu might have spurned her former comrade for a turncoat, but now that he’d made the first move, she was ruthlessly willing to pay him
back in kind. “Thapa’ s not a misunderstood pawn; he’ s a piece of filth and a loose end. Elevate me for a clear shot and I can make sure he never hurts
anyone again.”

There was no nonlethal version of Y ingsu’ s specialized fire-bending.
“You’re hesitating,” she said when Y angchen didn’ t answer . “Hesitation gets people killed.”
Throughout her lives, Y angchen had heard the adage more times than she could count. Mostly from weaklings pretending to be strong. Children
who thought they were adults. Amateur historians who divided the actions of her predecessors into good and bad with a dull cleaver , hacking merrily
away without much thought, really praising themselves with each blow .
She still didn’ t move. Y ingsu glanced over Y angchen’ s shoulder and shook her head sadly .
Yangchen followed her gaze. Against the clear blue sky , contrasted for all to see, was an orange-robed figure flying toward them on a glider .
Mingyur .
He’d left Fengbao behind, probably to help carry villagers to safety ,
but now that was done, he was going to help his Avatar come flame or high water . He wasn’ t going to abandon his sister . Yangchen could picture the
doggedness on his round face. Running into the fleeing guards and hearing their account would have only made him more determined.
“No!” she screamed at him. “Stay back!”
“He’ s the distraction we need!” Y ingsu said. She spoke quickly in escalating pitch, trying to outrace the moment. “Either he dies alone and
buys us a chance to live, or all three of us go down! Y ou know what you have to do!”
“Mingyur!” Y angchen tried to stand but the Firebender held her back.
She was the panicking fool now , the main liability . “Mingyur!”
“Don’ t trade yourself for nothing!” Y ingsu bellowed.
Futile gestures. Hadn’ t she always railed against them?
And yet breaking free of Y ingsu’ s grip and launching herself into the air was the ultimate pointless act. She wasn’ t going to reach Mingyur in
time no matter how hard she tried. She could send her countryman of f to oblivion with the knowledge of just how much she cared. Not enough to
avoid the choices that doomed him, but enough for her to extend him her hand. As if she had something valuable to of fer.

Her mind painted another picture. A dual portrait that spanned the

valley. The Avatar, eternally trapped between earth and sky. Thapa grinning

because she’d given him everything he wanted. Because she’d broken

cover, he could follow her path in reverse and pinpoint where Yingsu was

hiding. Her weakness had sealed the Firebender’s fate as well.

Yangchen always found that time slowed and thoughts quickened in

moments of agony, punishment for those who are too aware for their own

good.

“Drumbeat” would have been a

fitting name
, she thought as she

heard the faint

pop-pop

sound that had heralded destruction over Bin-Er.

A seed of heat began to blossom not far away, infinite promise

stemming from a singular, immeasurable point. “Skyflower” was a fine

choice, too.

I can’t protect them all
. It was a mistake to believe she ever

could.

As the fire bloomed in the air, wrapping the side of the valley in light

like a sunrise, Yangchen was left with one final thought—that things might

have been different if she had her glider.

MITIGA TION
The explosions had long since stopped. Kavik waited in the hospital with the others. He knew the A vatar would come straight there to provide
healing. If she was still alive.
One by one the injured filed in. He forced himself to look. W alking wounded, mostly the young and old, or people on the smaller side. The
villagers who would have been trampled most easily . Thankfully no dead yet, at least, not beyond Henshe. The Airbenders who had been struck down
outside his room were awake and resting in the corner . They’d groggily reported seeing nothing before an impact to their heads knocked them out.
The murdered zongdu was certainly going to be a … conversation.
Kavik scuf fed his foot along the floor . Tayagum and Akuudan were still helping with the cleanup, which left Jujinta hovering over his shoulder ,
vigilant. The A vatar ’s last order to stand guard no longer had a tar get with
Henshe dead, and it seemed like Jujinta needed an outlet. Kavik was the prisoner now .
He wanted to explain he had nothing to do with the assassination. But any excuses would have fallen flat. One didn’ t have to go that far back in
time to find Kavik’ s hand in shaping this disaster .
The side doors to the hospital, big enough to accommodate a wagon backing in, flew open with a crash. Y angchen shuf fled inside. Draped over
her shoulders was a much lar ger monk. She bypassed the queue of people waiting to be healed and laid the man on an open bed, setting him down in
gentle, deliberate steps.
“Cordon,” she said to Jujinta while she shucked of f the top of her patient’ s robes. T o Kavik she barked, “W ater like last time. Now .”
She was in her heightened state, her focus as sharp as the edge of a snapped glass. Jujinta pushed back the disappointed crowd to create more
space. Kavik found enough clean water from several waiting buckets and

surrounded the Airbender ’s body with the liquid, lifting him up so
Yangchen could inspect the damage. He kept his mouth shut, fearful that a single wasted breath might tip the scales the wrong way .
“His lungs are ruptured from a shockwave,” she said as she moved to the other side of the bed. “They’ve collapsed like empty waterskins inside
his chest. Keep him elevated and steady . Do not move.”
Kavik nodded. He waited for Y angchen to take some of the water and use it to apply her healing abilities. They’d worked as a team this way
before, him providing the bulk movements, her the skill and fine manipulations. There would be a gentle blue glow and underneath, the
shared feeling of life on the mend, a rush more heady than any Kavik had experienced.
Yangchen stabbed the man instead.
With a short, crisp hammer of her fists, two sharp points of water pierced into his chest. Kavik yelped and nearly dropped the patient. It was
as if the A vatar had wrapped his fingers around a knife and guided the blade into a tar get she wanted to assassinate. She made sure they’d both be judged
for the crime.
Wisps of blood and bubbles of air floated from the tiny puncture wounds, upward through the layer of water Kavik struggled to maintain.
Yangchen spread her arms and expanded the cocoon, then contracted it. A
wheezing sigh came from the still unconscious monk.
Kavik could feel the man’ s breathing return, weak but steady .
Yangchen circled her hands and two dots like temple fireflies danced over the small incisions, sealing them. The familiar glow spread from there and
the A vatar , while not relaxing completely , appeared like she could see and hear beyond a narrow tunnel again.
The most dangerous phase was over . The spectacular feat had been performed. What remained was work. W ithout needing to be told, Kavik
kept the patient encased while Y angchen applied the familiar shimmer to the water and ran her hands along the ener gy pathways of the Airbender ’s
body .
Kavik tried to remember if he’d met the man during his first visit, but the ef fort rang hollow . This would be just as bad if he wer e a complete
stranger . Yangchen had once told him that a person didn’ t rise in value simply because you knew their name.

“When we’re done, I need to give you a briefing,” he said once it seemed like she could spare a bit of concentration.
Her eyes mostly stayed with her hands, but she was able to glance up at Kavik periodically . “Tell me now . We’re going to be here for a while. Is it
about our guest in the visitor ’s wing?”
No one was close enough to hear them, but still. “I don’ t know if this is the best time to go into the details.”
“I said tell me now .”
Kavik winced. It wasn’ t like she was holding a pillow to wring or hurl if she became upset and momentarily lost control. She was cradling a
human life in her hands. Mingyur . The name came rushing back. Mingyur had led the blessing for Kavik’ s table before they ate their simple dinner of
toasted barley and butter tea.
Over the knot in his stomach he gave her the full story , down to the bones. During the chaos of the rockslide, Henshe had been crossed of f,
likely by Kavik’ s brother , Kalyaan. Kalyaan had bribed a group of villagers to serve as a distraction and escaped out the window down the
mountainside. He was a skilled enough climber and W aterbender to have pulled of f the daring escape. An honest testimony from someone who knew
the man well.
Yangchen was silent for a while. Kavik kept a close eye on the water to make sure she didn’ t squeeze the remaining life out of their patient by
accident, but his worries were unfounded. The A vatar remained completely calm. “Sounds like I should have hired him instead of you.”
Kavik swallowed the lump in his throat. Out of the corner of his eye he saw two teams of stretcher -bearers try to reach the back of the hospital
unnoticed, the section he knew to be the mortuary . The bodies they carried were too lar ge for the stretchers and they had to struggle with the long limbs
extending past the shrouds.
One of the cloths snagged, and before an attendant was able to replace it, Kavik distinctly saw the cold, lifeless face of Xiaoyun. From the other
stretcher , a mass of undone braids dangled low enough to sweep the floor .
Yingsu.
Two members of Unanimity were dead. The third unaccounted for .
Any plans the A vatar or the White Lotus might have had for the Firebenders were in complete disarray .

A hubbub grew louder in the hospital. He’d missed its origin, but several people were trying to shove past Jujinta, and one of them, a man
whose mustache was so black and glossy it looked glued on, made it through. Kavik assumed he was impatient for medical attention. He was
lucky Jujinta played by a dif ferent set of rules in public, or else he would have needed his spine straightened in addition to whatever minor wounds
he had.
“Hey , buddy!” Kavik nudged inef fectually at the line-skipper with his foot. His arms were busy keeping the water afloat. “W ait your turn!”
“I’m not injured; I’m the village captain.” The man smoothed his mustache with thumb and forefinger as he spoke. “I need to know what
happened to the gifts from the Northern chief.”
Kavik had to shake his head a few times before those words fell into an arrangement he could understand. The treasures Chief Oyaluk had
granted the A vatar . The goods he’d stowed away in. “Why?”
“We needed those alms to fund the village expansion. There was supposed to be a whole saddle full of valuables and instead we’ve got one
wrinkled carpet and a bunch of camping gear!”
“I had to cut them loose,” Y angchen said.
Kavik turned his head to look at Y angchen behind him. Her eyes remained on Mingyur , her hand on his wrist. She continued to pat her hip.
“You did what? ” The captain tried to get closer to her , but Kavik shuffled back and forth, staying in between them. “Where? Where did you
toss the car go? Don’ t tell me you dropped it in the mountains!”
Yangchen didn’ t respond. Tap. T ap. T ap.
The man opened his jaws wide and went for a double-handed swipe against his facial hair . He must have been in some real distress. “A vatar , we
need you to find those gifts. If not you, the other Airbenders.”
“Are you kidding me right now!?” Kavik sputtered. His arms were starting to ache from holding up the water . “Go look for that stuf f yourself!”
“Avatar .” The man was shorter than Kavik and bounced on his toes,
trying to get Y angchen’ s attention over Kavik’ s shoulder . He wasn’ t going to speak to a flunky when the person obligated to help him was right there.
“Avatar . Avatar! Y ou’d better have a plan to fix this—”
Yangchen clenched her fist. That was all the motion she needed. An invisible hand of wind carried the village captain out the side doors of the

hospital and hurled him screaming into the sky .
“Made me lose count,” she murmured without looking up.
Kavik didn’ t have time to be stunned. Y angchen had flung him into the air on many occasions, to infiltrate and extract him from tricky situations. Or
simply whenever she was in the mood for pranks.
But no matter how of f guard she caught him, he could still always tell she had his safety in mind, an adequate cushion prepared. Not so with the
village captain. The man was in for a hard landing if Kavik didn’ t react fast enough.
He raced out the side of the hospital, taking the water meant for
Mingyur with him. Quick quick quick . Ayunerak had trained him to grasp his surroundings in an instant, but with a landscape restricted to the
basement of a safe house, they’d resorted to household objects on tables,
covered by a sheet. No peeking by the honor system.
The hillside next to the hospital had changed since he’d last been here.
Ramshackle hut. Loose bricks. Refuse pile. Refuse pile .
Kavik billowed his element like the sail of a ship and shoved the mound of garbage underneath the falling man, just in time to soften the
impact. His control over the water burst, soaking the poor sap to boot. The smell was atrocious.
He ran up to the flattened pile of browning fruit cores, barley straws,
discarded hearth ashes. The man struggled to right himself like a flipped turtle-crab. He was dazed but he wasn’ t hurt. “What the—Did she just—”
Kavik thought about letting the truth sink in. Maybe the village captain would come to a new understanding and learn to straddle the delicate line,
taking a more cautious, possibly more correct approach to his relationship with his A vatar in the future.
Or maybe he’d simply lose his mind. Knowing human beings, the odds went pretty sharp in one direction.
“I told you to wait your turn,” Kavik snarled. He twisted his face into a mask as intimidating as he could make. “Next time you taste the ground
instead.”

The village captain blinked as he put two and two together . He was wet and an angry waterbending outsider stood before him.
“She’ s going to hear about this,” he muttered. He wiped his lips furiously with the back of his forearm. “Mark my words, she is going to
hear about this!”
The man ran of f down the hillside, hacking and spitting the whole way .
Kavik watched him go, wondering if he’d really saved Y angchen any trouble in the long run.
The A vatar and her team met in a chamber of the Air T emple dedicated to ceremonies of candlelight. Around them, banks of little clay bowls no wider
than coins lay filled with butterfat and cotton wicks. Kavik knew from the tour that novices would sometimes train in rooms like these, brushing their
airbending over the hedgerows of individual flames, attempting to sweep them gently in one direction and then another without snuf fing them out,
like rubbing patterns into the nap of fabric. Storied masters of the past could spend hours in here without letting any of the lights flicker a bit, their
control over the air so complete that they stilled the eddies and whorls of natural breezes until the flames froze in place.
In Kavik’ s opinion the octagonal room felt like a hallowed place and should have been forbidden to the uninitiated. But apparently , they still
hadn’ t found the limits of Airbender tolerance. He, Jujinta, T ayagum, and
Akuudan, interlopers all, crowded the center of the floor while Y angchen stood at the head. She had completed her investigation and was ready to
debrief her team.
The gathering was decidedly not like old times. Even before the truth of Kavik’ s betrayal reached the others, their discussions in Bin-Er had been
limited to frantic bursts of strategizing as best they could under a rain of fire. There had been no quiet moments to take stock.
Now the silence was too thick, a blanket in summer . “Is Mingyur going to make it?” Kavik asked. The A vatar wouldn’ t have left his side if
there was more she could do. Either he was on his way to recovery , or he was …

“He’ll recover ,” Yangchen said. “I don’ t know if he’ll ever hear again though.”
She was exercising great control. The flames of the lit candles were as tall and solid as claws. T ayagum went next. “Are the townsfolk questioning
the explosions?”
“No, luckily . If they do, we can pass the noises of f as cascades and other rockslides easily enough. The mountains are often home to strange
noises. Y es, Juji?”
Jujinta had his hand raised, full extension, elbow locked. He put it down once he’d been called on. “Should he be here for this?” He motioned
at Kavik.
“I believe so.” Her slow , deliberate response would make it seem to the others like she was rubbing Kavik’ s nose in the continued aftermath of
his poor choices, and not using the opportunity to align information with the
White Lotus. “About six weeks ago, Thapa, after developing a rapport with his guards, convinced one of them to take a written message to his mother
to assure her he was okay ,” Yangchen said. “Curse the soft hearts of my people, right? All of our ef forts, undone by a letter to family .”
Why not both , Kavik thought unhappily .
“Before agreeing, the guard read the letter and found nothing that would disclose Thapa’ s whereabouts, and he left it at a message post in
Jang Hui for further conveyance,” Y angchen continued. “But based on his recollection of the contents, I believe it contained coded instructions for
Chaisee to rescue him. I don’ t think Thapa’ s actual mother , whoever she is,
had the resources to survey the mountains, prepare a net under his clif fside hut, and coordinate his jump into a freefall dive during a guard rotation. I
found the rigging they left behind. Quality work.”
Kavik knew exactly who could have pulled of f such a complex operation at Chaisee’ s behest, but he stayed his tongue.
“What happened to Thapa’ s guards?” Akuudan asked.
“He took it easy on them.” Y angchen’ s bitterness was strong,
considering mercy was a quality cherished by Airbenders. “He only blew up enough of the mountain to stun them and cover his tracks. The first
explosions. I’m less certain of events after that, but my theory is his rescuers also scouted the locations of the other Firebenders. Thapa betrayed
them all and killed the other members of Unanimity .”

“Wait,” Akuudan said. “Xiaoyun and Y ingsu—”
“Are dead. Thapa managed to get Xiaoyun first, by surprise, and then
Yingsu … The three of us took a series of hard shots. I chose to save
Mingyur instead of her .”
The candles flickered for the first time. Kavik saw regret in the
Avatar ’s face. Guilt for feeling regret. The one person who might blame
Yangchen for preserving the life of her brother Air Nomad over an important asset was herself.
“By some miracle none of Y ingsu’ s or Xiaoyun’ s guards were hurt as badly as Mingyur ,” she said. “But I couldn’ t prevent Thapa’ s escape. The
search teams are coming up empty and our chances of finding him before he gets clear of T aihua aren’ t good.”
“I don’ t understand why Chaisee would want to get rid of two of her most valuable assets,” T ayagum said.
“She probably didn’ t,” Yangchen said. “I believe Thapa went rogue for a moment there. He eliminated the other Firebenders to make himself the
sole prize in this game. He was valuable before, but now he’ s priceless.”
She swallowed hard. “I suppose he did us a favor .”
“Killing your teammates to get a raise,” Kavik muttered. “Not even in
Bin-Er .”
“Chaisee’ s smart, but no one can predict everything,” Y angchen said,
almost with a degree of sympathy for the zongdu. “T ell everyone what you told me about your brother .”
The rest of the team took Kavik’ s theory rather well. They already hated his guts; there was no need to show him how much a second time.
True professionals, all.
“Why would he kill Henshe if they used to be friends in Bin-Er?”
Tayagum asked. “Does backstabbing run in your family?”
“Because it helps Chaisee,” Kavik said. “Henshe could have testified about her plot to the Earth King or another ruler . My brother chose his
second boss over his first.”
“Not only is our enemy a step ahead of us, her underlings are, too.”
Yangchen shielded her eyes from some unknown harshness. “W e’re the last cart in an ostrich-horse–drawn train, rolling through the droppings.”
The A vatar truly had a way with words. “What’ s our next move?”
Kavik asked.

“Yingsu gave me a piece of information before Thapa took her out,”
Yangchen said. “Chaisee was saving Unanimity for T aku, not Bin-Er , and she was going to unleash them during the convocation with the Earth King,
Fire Lord, and W ater T ribe Chief. W ith Thapa freed, her plan’ s most likely back on. She only needs one Firebender to do permanent damage to the
world.”
Yangchen looked around at her team. “W e have to go to T aku and remove Thapa from the board. The four of you know what he looks like and
are the only ones I can trust on this matter . Yes, Juji, that means Kavik too;
we need every resource we have. Y ou can put your hand down.”
Jujinta did as he was told, but he still had more questions. “T aku’s much bigger than Bin-Er . And the only reason we were able to find any of
the Firebenders to begin with was”—his lips juddered, so unwilling was he to give Kavik any kind of praise—“was this person over here giving us a
head start. Could we not enlist the Airbenders who guarded Thapa?”
“I don’ t think we can count on support from the Northern T emple.”
Yangchen sounded like she could have elaborated but didn’ t.
Akuudan sighed. His chest contained enough air to blow out a small section of candles. “I’m too old for frontline work,” he grumbled.
“Aw, sweetie.” T ayagum bumped his shoulder against his husband’ s.
“It’ll be like when we met on the job, before the Platinum Af fair and the stint in prison.”
“You two were quartermasters,” Kavik said. “Supply managers.”
Despite thinking T ayagum and Akuudan were scrappers when they first met, he’d learned they’d managed to avoid any of the painful work and
since revised his opinion. “The toughest action you probably ever saw was dishing out stew .” The two men simply shrugged, as if he had their
measure.
“Can I have the room?” Y angchen asked. “Kavik, stay behind for a bit,
please.”
The excessive politeness in her tone made it seem to the others like she was really going to give it to him in private, to make sure he knew a horrific
fate was in store if he tried to cross them again. T ayagum and Akuudan shuffled out of the chamber without complaint. Jujinta’ s gaze bounced back
and forth between Kavik and the A vatar , the rest of his expression as unchanging as always.