Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 17)

He tromped up the stairs of the empty, dingy lodge to the second floor,

carrying trays of buns and dumplings instantly gone cold in the chill air, and

nudged himself through a door with his foot. Long-eared Thapa maintained

his vigil at the window. Since he had the most raw power of the three, his

task was to keep the encroaching forces of the Earth King at bay, and his

hiding place overlooked the outskirts of the city. The other benders, Yingsu

and Xiaoyun, were posted in separate apartments deeper in, with good

views of Bin-Er’s major districts. Henshe had selected their locations well

in advance and covered his tracks just in case.

He was about to ask for a status update when Thapa put up his hand.

“Hold on,” the Firebender said, craning his neck. “Movement.” He stepped

back from the window to perform his technique. Henshe put the food down

to watch. It was fascinating every time.

Thapa began a series of inhalations, each one bigger than the last, until

his chest ballooned in and out. When he got to about twenty or thirty

massive breaths taken, his eyes widened, and he threw his head forward.

His gut caved into his body and a rush of air lifted the debris in the room.

There was a pop-pop, an arrhythmic double drumbeat.

And then the roar.

Far downfield over the snowy plain a seed of fire flowered into a

spherical inferno, boiling snow and hurling soil, sending ripples through the

air. Fireworks were an obvious but poor comparison. Henshe had once seen

a grain silo explode in the Middle Ring, and that kind of damage was more

apt. Thapa’s little warning shot could have taken out a small city block.

“Movement’s stopped,” Thapa said. He rubbed his forehead in a strange

way after the act, using the fingers of both hands to press into the skin

above his eyebrows and stretch it apart. It was as if he needed to widen an

imaginary hole in his head to relieve the pressure.

Such destruction at such range. There was no other bending like it in the

world. The Earth Kingdom scout brigade amassed at the opposite end of the

plain shrank farther back into the tree line, where Thapa had kept them

penned. They wouldn’t be marching upon Bin-Er anytime soon. Thapa

himself had cleverly suggested that he blow apart the ground on occasion,

to make Earthbenders considering a tunnel into the city fearful of cave-ins.

The other two Firebenders, who were more precise, had a different

mission. Their role was to cow the populace by aiming explosions over the

city itself. They’d complied beautifully, stunning unruly crowds, forcing

them back indoors. He’d allowed them to aim at empty barricades, blast

craters in the streets, even take out the top floor of the Gidu Shrine, which

he always found ugly, a mar upon the skyline. Whole sections of town,

strongholds of the agitators, had been made to suffer, slammed repeatedly

by violent bursts above them throughout the night.

But the benders who comprised Unanimity weren’t to kill anyone.

Henshe didn’t want to destroy Bin-Er or its residents. At some point he

needed business to resume, or else he’d never get his money.

Thapa took a break to eat. He consumed the food joylessly, washing

down half-chewed mouthfuls with water so he could finish faster. If there

was a downside at all to his technique, it was the energy it drained from

him, and the time it took to gather enough strength for the next explosion.

Henshe shuddered to think of a bender who didn’t have such weaknesses.

“How did you come by this power?” he asked. Henshe knew what to

expect from Unanimity, how to deploy the assets properly, but nothing

about their origins. Chaisee was the last person in the world who would

volunteer such information.

Thapa glanced up from his meal. “Bitter work,” he said, as if taking

offense to the words come by. “Torturous training. I didn’t find this ability

like a coin in the street, and neither did the others. We three are the product

of significant investment.”

Henshe found it odd that the Firebender could talk about himself so.

Especially given how little he’d spoken until now.

“You look disappointed,” Thapa said. “Did you want me to say it was

chance? A spiritual blessing? Because it was neither. I took a big gamble on

myself to get to this point.” He paused in contemplation before taking his

next bite. “I mean, a lot of us who tried to develop this technique drowned.”

“Wait, what? Drowned?”

Thapa smirked as he chewed, taking his time now, as if speaking with

his mouth full would be the rudest thing he could possibly do today. “I

don’t think I benefit from telling you more,” he said. “Let’s talk about

something else. Like the money you’re going to pay me.”

“We already discussed your compensation.” And it had been painful

enough. The most crucial part of getting the assets to Bin-Er was Henshe’s

promise to pay each of the Firebenders an outrageous sum. His debts had

birthed children, an entire clan of their own. He was going to need to profit

more than all of his predecessors combined to have a chance of coming out

ahead.

I can do it, he’d reassured himself. Only he had the full measure of what

was happening in Bin-Er. The shangs were holed up in their manors, heard

the noise, saw the lights, but they still didn’t know the details of Unanimity.

He alone held all the information.

“The situation’s changed since we last bargained,” Thapa said,

puncturing his thoughts. “I can still tell what’s happening in the city from

this room. I certainly can tell what’s going on with the Earth Kingdom

troops I’ve been aiming at. And you, my friend, are in way over your head.

You’re hanging on by your fingernails.”

Henshe didn’t like how he was being talked to. He wiped the sudden

perspiration from his brow. “We have a deal,” he said, his voice coming out

shakier than it should have.

“We had a deal. Let me guess what you were originally trying to do

here. Once you had me and the other two in your possession, you were

going to work out an arrangement with the shangs and the Earth Kingdom

both, where you claimed a good chunk of the wealth in Bin-Er for yourself.

You’d keep us a secret, and if anyone crossed you, bang!”

Thapa reached for another bun. “But for you to have a credible enough

position, you’d need to show the people who you were bargaining with your

power,” he said. “The way you’ve had us blasting away without end—it’s

all been one big demonstration, hasn’t it? You can’t threaten someone with

a weapon they don’t understand the effects of.”

“Congratulations,” Henshe snapped. “You know the basics of

negotiation.”

“Yes,” Thapa said, grinning widely. “Which means I understand your

position is worse now, not better. You’ve demonstrated that Yingsu,

Xiaoyun, and I are the only force keeping the army of the Earth King

camped outside the city from marching in here to discover your part in the

whole enterprise. You’ve demonstrated to us that we control whether Bin-Er

is open for business, not you or the shangs. Our value has taken a leap skyward, don’t you think?”

He tore into the soft bread. “I talked it over with the others before we

started this little venture with you, in case we spotted an opportunity. Given

what the Earth King would do to you if he knew the whole story, I think

paying us our original price twenty-fold is good.”

Henshe staggered back a step. “Twe—twenty . . .” His foot hit a chair.

“You want twenty times what we agreed upon?!”

Dark red bean paste spilled from the bun like entrails. Thapa shrugged.

“To start.”

More sweat prickled down Henshe’s neck and back. Blood rose to his

face. He felt a pounding in his ears from within.

He couldn’t bear that cost, not even in his most optimistic plans. And it

wouldn’t stop at twenty. Once the Firebenders realized how desperate he

was, it would go to fifty, a hundred-fold.

He was lost. Out of every direction his defeat could have come from, it

was his own assets. His leverage turning against him.

Thapa finally finished his food. “I bet you thought you held all the

tiles,” he said. “Funny thing about that. Once you play your tiles, you no

longer hold them.”

Henshe thought he might explode himself. He imagined his innards

covering the floor. Where had it all gone wrong? What law had been written

into the cosmos that declared he should fail, where people just like him had

received successes and riches out of their wildest dreams?

“Huh,” he said. The sound of his complete shattering. Huh.

He looked around the room. Behind him, there was a window that faced

the interior of the city. He could think of only one thing large enough to

break, to hurl, to smash.

“Agreed,” he said to Thapa. “Twenty times. You’ll get your money. But

I realize we’ve overlooked one thing.”

“Oh?”

“We haven’t demonstrated how far we’re willing to go.” Henshe blinked

slowly, calmly.

“You were right. For the plan to work, I’d have to admit to

some degree the explosions were happening under my direction. But so far,

I’ve told you not to kill anyone. What good a threat is that?”

An outsized shriek for an outsized loss. This city had ruined him. He’d

make a mark on it in return. “Without some bodies to count, people will

think this was all just a warning from some angry spirits,” Henshe said.

“Let’s draw some blood.”

Thapa’s interest was piqued. “Now you’re talking like a proper man on

the brink. What should we take out?”

“Whatever you feel like. Whomever. Leave a toll.”

Thapa crossed over to the window facing the rest of Bin-Er and gazed

into the distance. “Can’t see much from here, except for a lot of Water Tribe

homes. A couple of wooden houses next to them. I’ll start with those.”

Henshe made a grunt of indifference.

The Firebender started breathing in, breathing out, forcing the air in his

chest to comply with his will. Five, Henshe found himself counting, with a

strange sort of giddiness. Ten. Twenty.

Thapa hit thirty breaths. This blast was going to be huge. There would

barely be a Water Tribe Quarter left.

Forty. Forty? “What’s wrong?” Henshe asked, confused. “What are you

holding back for?”

“I’m not.” The Firebender was sweating as badly as Henshe had been a

few moments ago. The technique was taxing, certainly, but it wasn’t

supposed to fail before the blast. “It’s like I can’t get enough air,” Thapa

muttered. “I don’t know what’s . . . what happening . . .”

He backed away from the window, completely abandoning his buildup.

He clutched at his throat. Henshe opened his mouth to comment, but as

soon as he did his ears were stricken by a bout of uneven pressure. He

jawed up and down, trying to relieve the swell. Thapa was saying

something to him, but he couldn’t hear clearly.

Dizziness. His head spun. Edges of darkness crept around his vision.

What in the name of the spirits was going on? It wasn’t just him; Thapa’s

eyes were rolling back into his head, and his face had turned blue.

Henshe attempted to slump into the chair, landed short, his hips sliding

off while he clung to the back for dear life. His breath was gone. His lungs

had no strength to open. He fought for consciousness and succeeded long

enough to watch Thapa keel over.

He felt more than heard the smack of the large man hitting the floor.

Someone else must have detected it too, been waiting for it, because the

moment after the Firebender collapsed, feet tromped up the stairs and into

the room.

With them came air, sweeter than he could have believed. His ears

popped and he could hear again, but he was too weak to do anything but

hold on to the furniture, as if he’d drown without it. He looked up to see

two Water Tribe men, one with a waterskin at the ready, a bender, and the

other a giant even bigger than Thapa. While the Waterbender checked the

corners of the room for hidden dangers, the huge man hefted Thapa over his

shoulder and carried him away with one arm. He had only the one.

A young woman wearing a heavy cloak walked in. She crouched down

and threw her hood back to reveal an orange collar, a blue arrow, and a

familiar face. “Zongdu Henshe,” said the Avatar. “You’ve been busy since

we last spoke.”

Henshe finally gave up his death grip on the chair. It slid away with a

wooden screech. He collapsed and rolled over onto his back. “How did you

know I was—how did any of this—” He summoned enough strength to

hammer the back of his skull against the floor repeatedly. He wished he had

the capacity to shout instead of wheezing impotently. “How? How?!”

The Avatar slid one hand under his head to protect him. “Trade secrets.”

“What did you do to us?” Henshe asked, grasping for anything to make

sense of it all. “We just . . . collapsed where we stood. Was that you? Is

Thapa dead?”

She made a hush gesture with her free hand and beckoned the

Waterbender over to grab him under the arms. “Unfortunately, I don’t have

time to chat,” she said as Henshe was dragged away. “You’re not the last

stop on my list today.”

OceanofPDF.com

EXPOSURE

In the end, it came down to tailing. Simple, basic tailing.

Kavik had already started the hunt for Henshe and his assets before

Jujinta knocked on his door, slipping out of his house when he could, doing

his best not to worry his parents. Once he pooled information with the

Avatar, progress came quickly.

He knew the faces of the Firebenders. Yangchen could narrow down

which sections of the city they were most likely in based on the pattern of

explosions and their range limits, information she’d discovered in Port

Tuugaq. They enlisted help from terrified people hiding in their homes to

try and pinpoint the directions the noises were coming from.

One night, acting on the hunch he might find luck in a stretch of street

that had a handful of Fire Nation restaurants, Kavik spotted Thapa entering

an establishment that was closed but still had smoke coming out of its

chimney. He managed to follow the Firebender back to an apartment

overlooking the outskirts of the city, where it became clear the man was

holding off entire squadrons of the Earth Kingdom army by himself.

Upon returning to Boma’s inn, he conferred with Yangchen’s hastily

gathered group. She’d brought Tayagum, Akuudan, and Jujinta with her

from Jonduri to Bin-Er, for their own safety and for the extra help. Despite

the continuing bombardment plaguing the city, they decided not to move

immediately on Thapa.

Their patience paid off. Henshe himself made the next trip from the

restaurant to Thapa’s station. From there, Kavik followed the Zongdu of

Bin-Er to two other locations across the city. He waited outside one of the

buildings, wedged behind debris in an alley, until he heard the pop-pop

close up and saw with his own eyes, barely, a thin wisp of smoke jetting

from a window, followed immediately by an explosion further away.

Confirmed. They’d found the Firebenders who made up Unanimity.

The bigger challenge was trying to take all three down as quickly as

possible from start to finish. “I just need to get close to them,” Yangchen

had said over a map of Bin-Er. She’d refused to explain the reason for her

grim confidence. “The rest of you will be on lookout and cleanup duty.”

The first raid on Xiaoyun’s position had been executed smoothly. Kavik

had stationed himself under the Firebender’s position to give the signal.

Yangchen had gone in alone, and as she promised, dealt with Xiaoyun so

efficiently that Akuudan and Tayagum only had to pick up the man’s

unconscious form.

They repeated the process for Thapa. An even greater success since it

netted them Henshe as well. Yangchen still wouldn’t allow anyone to

witness how she defeated the Firebender without a fight.

Apprehending the third and last member of Unanimity, however, was

not going so well.

The ground underneath Kavik shook with the impact of the Firebender’s

explosion. He compressed himself behind a pile of rubble as dirt and rock

rained down upon his head.

“Back!” He heard Yangchen yell from across the distance. “You have to

get farther back! You’re still within range!”

He knew. The problem was that Yingsu seemed to be able to summon

her technique much quicker than the other two, and he didn’t have an

accurate count of the minimum time between detonations. If he broke cover

and ran, he might get picked off in the open.

Yingsu had deduced something had happened her fellow benders by the

lack of noise. Tipped off, she’d left her apartment and moved to a fallback

secondary location—the Bin-Er gathering hall, a perfect defensive position.

Kavik had been forced to follow her in a hurry. He’d been spotted and

separated from the others in the ensuing chaos.

At least they didn’t have to worry about bystanders. The entire

neighborhood had long since fled. But there was a large lawn surrounding

the building and Yingsu had blown away any obstacles that would have

impeded her lines of sight. She had multiple windows to aim out of, and

they couldn’t pinpoint her inside, where she could shift around the large

structure easily. It was impossible to make an approach.

Kavik watched the Avatar lob a huge chunk of the street at a section of

the barracks wing where the last fireball might have come from. He guessed

she was trying to provoke Yingsu into blasting it apart midair, which would

have given him a chance to run. But the dug-in Firebender didn’t take the

bait. The rock crashed through the wall and went unanswered. Even if it had

been aimed well, she’d probably just moved out of its way and saved her

return shot.

Which meant they were at a stalemate.

Kavik didn’t dare make a sound in case he gave away his exact location.

He was pinned. But strangely enough, he was calm, unafraid, accepting of

his circumstances. He didn’t need to panic. The Avatar’s blessing would

protect him.

He’ s going to die, Yangchen thought. Kavik was going to die just out of her

reach, and she was going to watch it happen. She crumpled against the wall

of the empty, half-ruined house she was hiding behind, covering her face,

her breath loud in the hollow of her hands. His death would be on her

shoulders. Her fault.

“It will be all right.” She looked up to see Jujinta staring at her.

On her return to Jonduri from Port Tuugaq. Nujian had diverted his

flight path and beelined for an isolated meadow where a strange boy, not

Kavik, was meditating and blowing on her bison whistle with every

exhalation. Yangchen’s surprise was immense. So was the boy’s.

Nujian came roaring down from the sky into the empty field, thinking

the whistle meant someone needed rescuing. The impact of the Avatar

appearing during his prayers had resonated deep within Jujinta, who

introduced himself as a friend of Kavik’s. After he relayed a simple

message that Jonduri wasn’t safe and Yangchen had to get back to Bin-Er,

his stony visage crumbled and he’d fallen to her feet, weeping.

She’d had to improvise quickly, figure out the intentions behind Kavik’s

ploy. Yangchen played the part of the gentle, compassionate nun and took

Jujinta with her, along with her safe house runners.

And now here they were, the oddest pair, their situations reversed.

Jujinta comforting her. He took things in stride very well.

“We who serve you will not let you down,” Jujinta said. She hadn’t been

able to refuse his declaration of undying loyalty in Jonduri. “Look. Your

men return.”

From deeper within the city, Akuudan and Tayagum came running

toward them, staying out of sight of the gathering hall, heads ducked low

out of an abundance of caution. Tayagum had a long, thin wooden case in

one hand and a sealskin bundle in the other. They crouched into position

next to Yangchen and Jujinta.

“Did you bring what I asked for?” Jujinta said.

“It wasn’t easy on short notice.” Tayagum opened the box. He and

Akuudan had also been forced to accept Jujinta quickly. With Bin-Er a

smoking wreck, no one was going to decline a fresh ally.

Inside the case was an unstrung bow. Jujinta reached for it but hesitated,

closing his eyes and flexing his fingers as if the grip would corrode him if

he touched it.

“You’re violating an oath right now, aren’t you?” Yangchen said. “A

taboo.” From the memories of one of her past lives, she understood the

meaning of his scoured nose, his penitent rituals, his self-imposed exile.

“This is more important.” Jujinta overcame his reservations and picked

up the bow. In his hands the weapon seemed to pour new life, or rather an

old one, into the rest of his body like a withered plant receiving water after

a drought.

He strung it deftly and drew on the string without releasing several

times to test the weight, using his thumb despite not having a ring.

“Ironspruce,” he muttered to himself. “Water Tribe make, cable-backed,

about one and a quarter shi. Original owner taller than me. Give me the

arrows.”

Tayagum presented the quiver. Jujinta immediately tossed aside most of

the arrows for not meeting some unspoken standard. Down to two, he

hefted them, rolled them between his fingers while sighting along their

shafts, examined the feathered fletching.

“I can make the shot,” he declared, notching the winning arrow to the

bowstring. “The problem is, there are too many spots she could be in, and I

need enough time to acquire her. We have to get her to a window for a few

seconds, but without her immediately blowing us to pieces.”

Yangchen thought it over. In a moment of clouds parting, she landed on

the one act she had not done intentionally this whole time while she’d

waged her battle of secrets with the shangs, Henshe, and Chaisee. She knew

Akuudan and Tayagum would object if she told them her idea.

So she simply went for it.

Before anyone could react, Yangchen got up, took off her cloak, and

walked into the middle of the empty street, revealing herself openly to her

foe. She would end the deception. She would be herself.

She spread her arms wide as she walked toward the gathering hall, a

bright orange and yellow target in the empty street. Yangchen ignored the

screams of Tayagum and Akuudan and Kavik. She focused her lungs and

bellowed in Yingsu’s direction, her natural loudness never so handy before

now.

“YOU STAND BEFORE THE AVATAR!”

Her challenge boomed through the air. What else could a pacifist do but

raise their voice and hope for the best?

Each step she took was on borrowed time. She didn’t want to enter the

Avatar State; there was too great a chance she’d be killed inside it. The

cycle of reincarnation would end, leaving the Four Nations without their

protector.

Will you take the life of an Air Nomad? she thought. Would you destroy

the bridge between humans and spirits? Do you have a line you won’t

cross? In her mind, she was addressing more people than the one

Firebender in the gathering hall. She saw Kavik start to rise from his cover

and knocked him back down with a gust of air. This danger was hers alone.

“WE WILL TALK!” If anyone outside her team was watching, it would

have looked like she was beseeching an angry spirit, hardly different from

her dealings with the phoenix-eels or Old Iron. Yangchen was struck by the

fact that she was putting almost as much trust in her enemy as she was her

own people. “WE WILL COME TO TERMS!”

There was silence following her declaration. Maybe the last member of

Unanimity had decided to relent.

And then Yangchen heard a faint pop-pop.

She should have known better. In her heart she did know better, because

her burst of airbending-powered speed was quick enough to save herself.

She sprinted forward, just clear of the blast, the shockwave adding more

force to her back than she could handle. Yangchen tumbled along the

ground, rolling like a clump of dried weeds in the desert, cradling her own

head for protection. Through the din of the explosion, she thought she

detected the airflow of an arrow in flight, a single note rising above a

chorus, but she could have been imagining it.

Her momentum carried her back to her feet and she finished the run to

the gathering hall, ramming an entrance for herself with a chunk of earth

instead of bothering with the door. The assembly room looked the same as

she remembered from her meeting with the shangs: empty benches, the dais

where she’d sat. There was a small balcony higher up. If she’d been right

about the arrow, the last Firebender was behind the door.

Yangchen leaped to the balcony, generating wind to twirl her higher, and

she landed as quietly as she could. She steeled herself for what she was

about to do, and she was glad she was alone. Henshe had the measure of it.

She’d neutralized him and the other members of Unanimity by using a vile

ability, one she could not let anyone know about.

She put her hands out, and for the third time today, prepared to remove

the air from the room behind the door.

Anyone trapped inside the sphere of emptiness she created would

become unable to breathe and lose consciousness in little more than ten

seconds. Death would follow shortly after if she kept it going. And the most

frightening part was they’d never see it happening.

There was only an unreliable sliver of time in which she could maintain

the technique and remain true to Air Nomad principles of holding life

sacred. One mistake and she’d be matching lethality with lethality. Paying

back the destructiveness of Unanimity with bending just as insidious. A

perfectly even transaction—

Yangchen paused.

No. She still had a choice. Retaliating with full force would be common

sense in this situation, the wise thing to do. But her instincts, the silence

from her foe, told her to take a step back. She lowered her hands and

opened the door, exposing herself yet again to attack.

The room leading to the balcony was a small lounge with a changing

screen and a desk that folded into the wall. Inside, a tall Fire Nation woman

matching Kavik’s description of Yingsu sat slumped in the corner. Her long

braids were gathered tightly back to keep them away from her forehead, her

high hairline making her resemble an Air Nomad a little. She clutched the

arrow stuck under her collarbone. Dark arterial blood spilled out from

around the shaft.

Yingsu stared at her with a face growing paler by the second. Yangchen

rushed to the window to gather snow from the sill, melted it between her

hands, and then slid next to the Firebender, applying the liquid to her

wound. The injury was serious. Had Yangchen taken the air from the room,

it would have killed her instantly.

Removing the arrow would be tricky; stabilizing her patient came first.

“Don’t move,” she said to Yingsu. “No one’s dying today.”

Yingsu’s head made small circles, round and round, as if she were

contemplating the ridiculousness of being saved by the Avatar, whom she’d

tried to vaporize moments ago. A futile exercise in Yangchen’s opinion,

trying to make sense of the world and the people in it.

The woman gave up and closed her golden eyes. “Thank you,” she

muttered.

RECONCILING

Kavik sat alone in his room and waited.

He shouldn’t have been as scared as he was for the Avatar’s safety. All

three members of Unanimity had been picked up. The only force in the

world that could have challenged her power on an individual level had been

dealt with.

And yet, when the knock came at his door and Yangchen poked her

head inside, he was as relieved as he’d ever been in his life. He was clearly

not cut out for the management side of missions, where he had to fret and

hope the action had gone cleanly. “Can I come in?” she asked.

He let her sit on the bed again. She was wearing the same outfit as she’d

worn at the Golden Cloudberry teahouse. “I asked your parents to leave the

house for a bit,” she said. “I had to come up with an excuse for why I was

dressed like this.”

“No wig?” She was relying solely on her hood to hide her tattoos.

“No wig.”

Their patter was strained. Until now they’d been able to talk solely

about the mission, locating the Firebenders, figuring out how to strike fast,

take them down. But not anymore.

They could start with the easier, obvious topic. “Jujinta,” Yangchen

said.

“Jujinta,” Kavik echoed, nodding.

Yangchen rubbed her face. “A risky recruitment,” she said. “But a

successful one. You saw his potential. You appraised his state of mind, his

vulnerabilities, and the probability he could be convinced to act against his

previous loyalties.”

“I turned him.” There was no boast in Kavik’s statement. Manipulating

Jujinta by taking advantage of his troubles was certainly up there on his list

of horrible deeds. But at the time, his partner was the only means he could

think of to deliver Yangchen a message without tipping Chaisee’s

association off. They weren’t watching Jujinta and had no reason to suspect

him of anything.

“Well, I have a new companion now,” Yangchen said. “Whether I

wanted one or not.”

Jujinta’s presence, along with Akuudan and Tayagum, meant that

Yangchen had gone back to Jonduri first. There, the only thing she would

have been told was to get back to Bin-Er as fast as possible. She would

have deduced the Unanimity shipment had slipped past them and Kavik

would have looked like he was heroically doing the best he could for the

Avatar under dire circumstances. “Where are the others?” he asked. “Where

is everyone?”

“They’re safe,” was all she said.

He sensed the wheel turning to its inexorable final position. “I also sent

a message to Port Tuugaq for you. I didn’t know which city you’d be in. I

had to cover both possibilities.”

Yangchen reached into her robes and pulled out a small wooden

cylinder. She held it between her thumb and finger, like an apothecary’s pill

that would spread and bubble if dropped into water. The seal on it had been

broken.

“I left Port Tuugaq before it arrived, thinking the two of us were simply