Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 16)

Kavik’ s stomach contracted around a stone of uneasiness. He needed to warn the Avatar of their terribl e mistake, that the assets in question were
human beings. Unanimity had slipped past them and was in Bin-Er under
Henshe’ s control.
Kalyaan had told him he could play both sides. All was not yet lost. He had to find a messenger hawk, fast.
“It’s not your fault,” Boma said in the back room of the small inn he was staying at.
Yangchen had introduced Kavik to her grouchy old advisor before they departed from Bin-Er , over a cup of tea that was less a proper introduction
and more a chance to memoriz e each other ’s faces. Boma’ s frown hadn’ t changed, was still the same flat line chiseled into his block-of-stone
expression, but his gaze was kind and warm. He’d been surprised to see
Kavik come back without the Avatar , but the partial truth sufficed. Kavik had been forced to accompany the Unanimity shipment by the association,
and now they needed to make the best of a bad scenario.
Boma believed the Avatar ’s runner had done a good job under the circumstances. And why wouldn’ t he? Kavik withheld the facts about his
brother and his betrayal. He couldn’ t risk Boma shutting him down,
refusing to believe him. A confession might have made the old man react by apprehending Kavik and sitting tight until further notice from Yangchen.
Precious time would be lost.
He blink ed away tears. Boma must have thought he was overcome with guilt for not being able to stop the shipment. “We have to contac t the Avatar
and tell her to come back to Bin-Er as fast as she can,” Kavik said. “She might still be chasing the wrong leads in Port T uugaq.”
“I’ll get a hawk to send to Port Tuugaq immediately ,” Boma said. “But what if she’s already left? If she went back to Jonduri, we won’ t be able to
get word to her by aerial message; it’s why I couldn’ t tell any of you how bad the situation in Bin-Er was. She could be stuck on the island, waiting
for an update that’ll never come.”
Kavik had an answer for that, just not a good one. “She won’ t linger in
Jonduri. If she goes back there, she’ll come straight here after, without delay . I guarantee it.”

Boma looked uncertain. “Trust me,” Kavik said. “A bird to Port Tuugaq is what we need to cover our options.”
The old man nodded and got up. He retrieved a small tube and a miniature scroll from a satchel, along with ink and a fine brush.
“I’ll leave you to it while I go arrange for the hawk,” he said, handing
Kavik the supplies. “W rite small.”
Boma didn’ t even check the message Kavik had written before sending the hawk. Trust me. He’d kept making the demand, and it kept working.
Kavik stayed at the inn over the next few days, unable to go home and face his parents. Boma did him another kindness and checked up on them;
they were okay for now. Safe. Still laboring under the impression that their youngest son was training with the A vatar .
During his time there, he slept fitfully through daylight hours, leaving only to scout the city for Unan imity . He was trying to rid himself of the
conclusion that he’d done everything he could. Waiting made him feel helpless. Hadn’ t that been the origin of his troubles? The source of every
decision he’d made? He’d come back to the one place he didn’ t want to be and now he was waiting for the Avatar , waiting for the city’s time to run
out, waiting for something to shatter .
When he couldn’ t take it anymore one night, he tried to reach the last remaining prese nce in Bin-Er who could have granted him some stability .
The person who was bedrock, who had certainly weathered great troubles in decades past. He went to visit Mama A yunerak.
Only to be told at her door that she wasn’ t there. She’d left the city .
In a daze, Kavik stumbled around her building to the trash pile where he kept the loose brick with his house key. His feet had carried him out of
habit. He began to cry, haltingly and without tears, as if part of him still had to be uncommi tted, even in his deepest despair . He whispere d a hoarse
request to the air above for any kind of relief.
He must have been heard by the spirits. And the skies had judged him harshly , becaus e they answered with a blooming ball of flame and a
thunderclap that knocked him to his hands and knees.

A whine in his ears. Scorching air licked the back of his neck. He looked up and a halo of smoke drifted away , its source nowhere to be found.
While the streets weren’ t as crow ded as they used to be, there were still some people about, and they were all as confused and frightened and
deafened as Kavik. Slowly , he and the other folks who had been flattened by the sudden burst of heat and force got up, trying to understan d what had
happened.
Through the ringing in his skull, Kavik heard a faint pop-pop sound, the bouncing strike of fingers again st a tightened drum. And then another burst
erupted further down the block.
He saw it fully this time. An expansion of light with the suddenn ess of a noisemaker . But instead of a cloud of colorful pinpricks, it was a solid
sphere of angry pressure, a ball of fire in the sky. Dust and debris rippled outward along the street and he shielded his eyes before he was blown
backward by a wave of air as powerful as any he’d seen the A vatar produce.
When he blinked away the grit, there was again no trace of the power that had forced everyone to the ground. Around him, mouths opened in
screams. People crawled away in terror , scrambled to their feet, broke out into a panicked stampede.
Nothing bad will happen if the A vatar doesn’ t get her way .
Kavik still couldn’ t hear the cries of the people running through the street, but he could hear Kalyaan’ s voice telling him before he left Jonduri
not to worry , that everything would be fine, Unanimity wasn’ t so bad. It would stabilize the situation in Bin-Er .
There was a third crack above the rooftops, distant enough that Kavik only suffered the report and not the blast directly . The damage was getting
systematically spread over the city .
Don’ t worry about it , had always been Kalyaan’ s refrain. It had been the case in Bin-Er , when Kavik confronted him about why he wasn’ t coming
home much. And then again, further back in the past when they were stuck in that fearsome blizzard, Kavik thinking for certain the two of them were
going to die.
How many times had he heard it during their march through the blinding white, the stinging snow , the storm that plugged their tracks so
quickly that Kavik couldn’ t be sure if they’d already perished, had left their

bodies, and were merely floating atop the drifts? We’ll be fine. I’m your brother . I would never let anything bad happen.
As good a liar as Kavik was, he would only ever be second best in his family .
His family. He had to reach his parents. He got up and ran around the back of Ayune rak’s, toward the Water Tribe Quarter . People were
scrambling to get inside, aband oning their positions at barricades, fleeing the streets. He raced alongside a group heading in the same direction, his
lungs burning. Some of them he recognized from Nuqingaq’ s.
Another explosion at their right broke their stride. The membe rs of his little pack skidd ed on their heels, slipped, fell. Some had alrea dy begun to
kneel where they were to besee ch the spirits for mercy , too scared to take another step forward. Kavik turned his eyes away . He’d put his faith in the
wrong party too.
He left them and kept running until he reached the Water Tribe Quarter ,
his house, and slammed his key repeatedly into the door, all misses from his shaking hands, until he finally got it right, one small thing right, and
unlocked it.
Inside his parents huddled as far as they could from the walls, while dust rained around them each time a fresh explosion struck. Their silent
relief when they saw his face was too much to bear. Kavik knelt down,
threw his arms around his terrified mother and father , and hugged them harder than he ever had in his life.
“Kavik, where is the Avatar?” his mother asked through her tears. “Why isn’t she here? Why isn’ t she with you?”
The one person who could have stood up to the nightmare in the sky,
who saw the shangs and the zongdus and Unanimity for the brewing disasters they were, who had been right about everything the whole time
except for her choice in friends, was somewhere far away across the sea.
And that was Kavik’ s doing.
“She’ll be here soon,” he said, rocking his parents in his arms, a mirror of the comfort they had given him as a child. “She’ll fix this.” Have faith.
They stayed in their house as much as possible. A peek through the windows at the empty lanes of the Water Tribe Quarter told them their

neighbors had fled indoors too.
The city was completely dark at night. No one put up visible lights in their homes out of fear they’d draw the attention of the angry spirits above.
Nor could anyone sleep through the noise, which sometimes arrived in walking barrages that crept closer and lower , descending, stalking, until
Kavik was certain the final strikes would come crashing through his roof.
Within a short span, it seemed like the whole of Bin-Er had been beaten into submission . The residents of the city were being punished by forces
beyond their comprehension. Henshe had secured his version of stability .
Kavik wasn’t sure how Firebenders in his employ could be so powerful,
what kind of technique allowed them to create explosions from afar, but he was certain the zongdu could no longer be challenged as long as he retained
control over Unanimity .
Dazed by a lack of sleep, he lost track of how long it had been since he’d returned to Bin-Er . When the knock came at his door, he jumped,
fearing any sound that resembled the faint tapping that could sometimes be heard before the greater concussions.
He kept his parents away from the entrance. Before opening the door , he pressed himself against the wall with water in hand. Gingerly , he unlatched
it and peeked through the crack. Once he saw who it was, Kavik let the door swing fully open and stood face-to-face with his visitor .
Jujinta stared at him for a good long minute. He leaned to the side to look past Kavik’ s shoulder , at his bewildered parents crouched in the corner
behind the desk. He took in as much of the house as he could see from the threshold, before finally returning his attention to Kavik.
With great care Jujinta reached into his collar and pulled out the bison whistle Kavik had given to him before leaving Jonduri, along with
instructions to use it whenever he meditated alone or made offerings to the spirits at shrines by himself. “You were right,” he said, placing it back into
Kavik’ s hands. “The answer came to me.”
He was a chang ed man. Before, whenever they’d spoken, Jujinta’ s eyes had always been slightly vacant and dull, as if part of him were trapped in
another place and time. But now he was fully present. He shone with inner purpose. Meeting the A vatar face-to-face could do that to a person.
The fact that he was at Kavik’ s door with the whistle said the rest. The message to Yangchen had been successfully passed on. The Avatar was in

Bin-Er .
“Come on,” Jujinta said, never one to waste words. “Everyone’ s waiting for you.”
OceanofPDF .com

THE DISPLAY
Henshe, who was arguably the most powerful man on the continent right now, had been reduced to a glorified porter . The three Firebend ers—he had
no other label for them that fit— ate voraciously , and they were leaving their stations too frequently for food. Given that he was the only person in the
city he trusted with the secret of their existence, he went and fetched their meals himself.
He tromped up the stairs of the empty , dingy lodge to the secon d floor ,
carrying trays of buns and dumplings instantly gone cold in the chill air , and nudged himself through a door with his foot. Long-eared Thapa maintained
his vigil at the window . Since he had the most raw power of the three, his task was to keep the encroachin g forces of the Earth King at bay, and his
hiding place overlooked the outskirts of the city. The other benders, Yingsu and Xiaoyun, were posted in separate apartments deeper in, with good
views of Bin-Er ’s major district s. Henshe had selected their locations well in advance and covered his tracks just in case.
He was about to ask for a status update when Thapa put up his hand.
“Hold on,” the Firebender said, craning his neck. “Movement.” He stepped back from the window to perform his technique. Henshe put the food down
to watch. It was fascinating every time.
Thapa began a series of inhalations, each one bigger than the last, until his chest ballooned in and out. When he got to about twen ty or thirty
massive breaths taken, his eyes widened, and he threw his head forward.
His gut caved into his body and a rush of air lifted the debris in the room.
There was a pop-pop , an arrhythmic double drumbeat.
And then the roar .
Far downfield over the snowy plain a seed of fire flowered into a spherical inferno, boiling snow and hurling soil, sending ripples through the
air. Fireworks were an obvious but poor comparison. Henshe had once seen

a grain silo explode in the Midd le Ring, and that kind of damage was more apt. Thapa’ s little warning shot could have taken out a small city block.
“Movement’ s stopped,” Thapa said. He rubbed his forehead in a strange way after the act, using the fingers of both hands to press into the skin
above his eyebrows and stretch it apart. It was as if he needed to widen an imaginary hole in his head to relieve the pressure.
Such destruction at such range. There was no other bending like it in the world. The Earth Kingdom scout brigade amassed at the opposit e end of the
plain shrank farther back into the tree line, where Thapa had kept them penned. They wouldn’ t be marching upon Bin-Er anytime soon. Thapa
himself had cleverly suggested that he blow apart the ground on occasion,
to make Earthbenders considering a tunnel into the city fearful of cave-ins.
The other two Firebenders, who were more precise, had a different mission. Their role was to cow the populace by aiming explosions over the
city itself. They’d complied beautifully , stunning unruly crowds, forcing them back indoors. He’d allowed them to aim at empty barricades, blast
craters in the streets, even take out the top floor of the Gidu Shrine, which he alwa ys found ugly, a mar upon the skyline. Whole sectio ns of town,
strongholds of the agitators, had been made to suffer, slammed repeatedly by violent bursts above them throughout the night.
But the benders who compris ed Unanimity weren’ t to kill anyone.
Henshe didn’ t want to destroy Bin-Er or its residents. At some point he needed business to resume, or else he’d never get his money .
Thapa took a break to eat. He consumed the food joylessly , washing down half-chewed mouthfuls with water so he could finish faster. If there
was a downside at all to his technique, it was the energy it drained from him, and the time it took to gather enough strength for the next explosion.
Henshe shuddered to think of a bender who didn’ t have such weaknesses.
“How did you come by this power?” he asked. Henshe knew what to expect from Unanimity , how to deploy the assets properly , but nothing
about their origins. Chaisee was the last person in the world who would volunteer such information.
Thapa glanced up from his meal. “Bitter work,” he said, as if taking offense to the words come by. “Torturous training. I didn’ t find this ability
like a coin in the street, and neither did the others. We three are the product of significant investment.”

Henshe found it odd that the Firebender could talk about himself so.
Especially given how little he’d spoken until now .
“You look disap pointed,” Thapa said. “Did you want me to say it was chance? A spiritual blessing? Because it was neither . I took a big gamble on
myself to get to this point.” He paused in contemplation before taking his next bite. “I mean, a lot of us who tried to develop this technique drowned.”
“Wait, what? Drowned ?”
Thapa smirked as he chewed, taking his time now, as if speaking with his mouth full would be the rudest thing he could possibly do today . “I
don’t think I benefit from telling you more,” he said. “Let’ s talk about something else. Like the money you’re going to pay me.”
“We already discussed your compensation.” And it had been painful enough. The most crucial part of getting the assets to Bin-Er was Henshe’ s
promise to pay each of the Firebenders an outrageous sum. His debts had birthed children, an entire clan of their own. He was going to need to profit
more than all of his predecessor s combined to have a chance of coming out ahead.
I can do it , he’d reassured himself. Only he had the full measure of what was happening in Bin-Er . The shangs were holed up in their manors, heard
the noise, saw the lights, but they still didn’ t know the details of Unanimity .
He alone held all the information.
“The situation’ s changed since we last bargained,” Thapa said,
puncturing his thoughts. “I can still tell what’ s happening in the city from this room. I certainly can tell what’ s going on with the Earth Kingdom
troops I’ve been aiming at. And you, my friend, are in way over your head.
You’re hanging on by your fingernails.”
Henshe didn’ t like how he was being talked to. He wiped the sudden perspiration from his brow . “We have a deal,” he said, his voice coming out
shakier than it should have.
“We had a deal. Let me guess what you were originally trying to do here. Once you had me and the other two in your possession , you were
going to work out an arrangement with the shangs and the Earth Kingdom both, where you claimed a good chunk of the wealth in Bin-Er for yourself.
You’d keep us a secret, and if anyone crossed you, bang !”
Thapa reached for another bun. “But for you to have a credible enough position, you’d need to show the people who you were bar gaining with your

power ,” he said. “The way you’ve had us blasting away without end—it’ s all been one big demonstration, hasn’ t it? You can’t threaten someone with
a weapon they don’ t understand the ef fects of.”
“Congratulations,” Henshe snapped. “You know the basics of negotiation.”
“Yes,” Thapa said, grinning widely . “Which means I understand your position is worse now, not better . You’ve demonstrated that Yingsu,
Xiaoyun, and I are the only force keeping the army of the Earth King camped outside the city from marching in here to discover your part in the
whole enterprise. Y ou’ve demonstrated to us that we control whether Bin-Er is open for busin ess, not you or the shangs. Our value has taken a leap skyward, don’ t you think?”
He tore into the soft bread. “I talked it over with the others before we started this little venture with you, in case we spotted an opportunity . Given
what the Earth King would do to you if he knew the whole story , I think paying us our original price twenty-fold is good.”
Henshe staggere d back a step. “Twe—twenty . . .” His foot hit a chair .
“You want twenty times what we agreed upon?!”
Dark red bean paste spilled from the bun like entrails. Thapa shrugged.
“To start.”
More sweat prickled down Henshe’ s neck and back. Blood rose to his face. He felt a pounding in his ears from within.
He could n’t bear that cost, not even in his most optimistic plans. And it wouldn’ t stop at twenty . Once the Firebenders realized how desperate he
was, it would go to fifty , a hundred-fold.
He was lost. Out of every direct ion his defeat could have come from, it was his own assets. His leverage turning against him.
Thapa finally finished his food. “I bet you thought you held all the tiles,” he said. “Funny thing about that. Once you play your tiles, you no
longer hold them.”
Henshe thought he might explode himself. He imagined his innards covering the floor . Where had it all gone wrong? What law had been written
into the cosmos that declared he should fail, where people just like him had received successes and riches out of their wildest dreams?
“Huh,” he said. The sound of his complete shattering. Huh.

He looked around the room. Behind him, there was a window that faced the interior of the city. He could think of only one thing large enough to
break, to hurl, to smash.
“Agreed,” he said to Thapa. “Twenty times. You’ll get your money . But
I realize we’ve overlooked one thing.”
“Oh?”
“We haven’ t demonstrated how far we’re willing to go.” Henshe blinked slowly , calmly . “You were right. For the plan to work, I’d have to admit to
some degree the explosions were happening under my direction. But so far,
I’ve told you not to kill anyone. What good a threat is that?”
An outsized shriek for an outsized loss. This city had ruined him. He’d make a mark on it in return. “Without some bodies to count, people will
think this was all just a warning from some angry spirits,” Henshe said.
“Let’ s draw some blood.”
Thapa’ s interest was piqued. “Now you’re talking like a proper man on the brink. What should we take out?”
“Whatever you feel like. Whomever . Leave a toll.”
Thapa crossed over to the wind ow facing the rest of Bin-Er and gazed into the distance . “Can’ t see much from here, except for a lot of Water Tribe
homes. A couple of wooden houses next to them. I’ll start with those.”
Henshe made a grunt of indif ference.
The Firebender started breathing in, breathing out, forcing the air in his chest to comply with his will. Five, Henshe found himself counting, with a
strange sort of giddiness. Ten. T wenty .
Thapa hit thirty breaths. This blast was going to be huge. There would barely be a W ater T ribe Quarter left.
Forty . Forty? “What’ s wrong?” Hensh e asked, confused. “What are you holding back for?”
“I’m not.” The Firebender was sweating as badly as Henshe had been a few moments ago. The technique was taxing, certainly , but it wasn’ t
supposed to fail before the blast. “It’s like I can’t get enough air,” Thapa muttered. “I don’ t know what’ s . . . what happening . . .”
He back ed away from the window , completely abandoning his buildup.
He clutc hed at his throat. Henshe opened his mouth to comment, but as soon as he did his ears were stricken by a bout of uneven pressure. He

jawed up and down, trying to relieve the swell. Thapa was saying something to him, but he couldn’ t hear clearly .
Dizziness. His head spun. Edge s of darkness crept around his vision.
What in the name of the spirits was going on? It wasn’ t just him; Thapa’ s eyes were rolling back into his head, and his face had turned blue.
Henshe attempte d to slump into the chair , landed short, his hips sliding off while he clung to the back for dear life. His breath was gone. His lungs
had no strength to open. He fought for consciousness and succeeded long enough to watch Thapa keel over .
He felt more than heard the smack of the large man hitting the floor .
Someone else must have detec ted it too, been waiting for it, because the moment after the Firebender collapsed, feet tromped up the stairs and into
the room.
With them came air, sweeter than he could have believed. His ears popped and he could hear again, but he was too weak to do anything but
hold on to the furniture, as if he’d drown without it. He looked up to see two Water Tribe men, one with a waterskin at the ready , a bender, and the
other a giant even bigger than Thapa. While the Waterbender checked the corners of the room for hidden dangers, the huge man hefted Thapa over his
shoulder and carried him away with one arm. He had only the one.
A young woman wearing a heavy cloak walked in. She crouched down and threw her hood back to reveal an orange collar , a blue arrow , and a
familiar face. “Zongdu Henshe, ” said the Avatar . “You’ve been busy since we last spoke.”
Henshe finally gave up his death grip on the chair . It slid away with a wooden screech . He collapsed and rolled over onto his back. “How did you
know I was—h ow did any of this—” He summoned enough strength to hammer the back of his skull against the floor repeatedly . He wished he had
the capacity to shout instead of wheezing impotently . “How? How?! ”
The A vatar slid one hand under his head to protect him. “T rade secrets.”
“What did you do to us?” Hensh e asked, grasping for anything to make sense of it all. “We just . . . collapsed where we stood. Was that you? Is
Thapa dead?”
She made a hush gesture with her free hand and beckoned the
Waterbender over to grab him under the arms. “Unfortunately , I don’t have

time to chat,” she said as Hens he was dragged away . “You’re not the last stop on my list today .”
OceanofPDF .com

E X P O S U R E
In the end, it came down to tailing. Simple, basic tailing.
Kavik had already started the hunt for Henshe and his asset s before
Jujinta knocked on his door, slipping out of his house when he could, doing his best not to worry his parents. Once he pooled information with the
Avatar , progress came quickly .
He knew the faces of the Firebenders. Yangchen could narro w down which sections of the city they were most likely in based on the pattern of
explosions and their range limits, information she’d discove red in Port
Tuugaq. They enlisted help from terrified people hiding in their homes to try and pinpoint the directions the noises were coming from.
One night, actin g on the hunch he might find luck in a stretch of street that had a handf ul of Fire Nation restaurants, Kavik spotted Thapa entering
an establishment that was closed but still had smoke coming out of its chimney . He managed to follo w the Firebender back to an apartment
overlooking the outskirts of the city, where it became clear the man was holding of f entire squadrons of the Earth Kingdom army by himself.
Upon returning to Boma’ s inn, he conferred with Yangchen’ s hastily gathered group. She’d brought Tayagum, Akuudan, and Jujin ta with her
from Jonduri to Bin-Er , for their own safety and for the extra help. Despite the continuing bombardment plaguing the city, they decided not to move
immediately on Thapa.
Their patience paid off. Henshe himself made the next trip from the restaurant to Thapa’ s station. From there, Kavik followed the Zongdu of
Bin-Er to two other locations across the city. He waited outside one of the buildings, wedg ed behind debris in an alley , until he heard the pop-pop
close up and saw with his own eyes, barely , a thin wisp of smoke jetting from a window , followed immediately by an explosion further away .
Confirmed. They’d found the Firebenders who made up Unanimity .

The bigger challenge was trying to take all three down as quickly as possible from start to finish. “I just need to get close to them, ” Yangchen
had said over a map of Bin-Er . She’d refused to explain the reason for her grim confidence. “The rest of you will be on lookout and cleanup duty .”
The first raid on Xiaoyun’ s position had been executed smoothly . Kavik had stationed himself under the Firebender ’s position to give the signal.
Yangchen had gone in alone, and as she promised, dealt with Xiaoyun so efficiently that Akuudan and Tayagum only had to pick up the man’ s
unconscious form.
They repeated the process for Thapa. An even greater success since it netted them Henshe as well. Yangchen still wouldn’ t allow anyone to
witness how she defeated the Firebender without a fight.
Apprehending the third and last member of Unanimity , however , was not going so well.
The ground underneath Kavik shook with the impact of the Firebender ’s explosion. He compressed himself behind a pile of rubble as dirt and rock
rained down upon his head.
“Back!” He heard Yangchen yell from across the distance. “You have to get farther back! Y ou’re still within range!”
He knew. The problem was that Yingsu seemed to be able to summon her technique much quicker than the other two, and he didn’ t have an
accurate count of the minimum time between detonations. If he broke cover and ran, he might get picked of f in the open.
Yingsu had deduced something had happened her fellow bender s by the lack of noise. Tipped off, she’d left her apartment and moved to a fallback
secondary location—the Bin-Er gathering hall, a perfect defensive position.
Kavik had been forced to follow her in a hurry . He’d been spotted and separated from the others in the ensuing chaos.
At least they didn’ t have to worry about bystanders. The entire neighborhood had long since fled. But there was a large lawn surrounding
the building and Yingsu had blown away any obstacles that would have impeded her lines of sight. She had multiple windows to aim out of, and
they couldn’t pinpoint her inside, where she could shift aroun d the large structure easily . It was impossible to make an approach.
Kavik watched the Avatar lob a huge chunk of the street at a section of the barracks wing where the last fireball might have come from. He guessed