Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 15)

four-six, White Jade five-six, Rhododendron six-six, Dragon at two-five,
start with Knotweed at five-two.”
She stopped to take a breath. “Repeat tile sequence but mirror the placement along the zero-zero six-six line, repeat for the remaining three
quadrants, follo wing Knotweed with the appropriate tile in the element cycle. Welcome, sister . The White Lotus opens wide to those who know her
secrets.”
He stared at her, bewildered. She didn’ t have time for him to parse out that her identifying arrangemen ts were indeed correct. “Look, the deal is
right there in the last part of the pass-phrase,” she said. “You can’t actually be certain that I’m not a memb er. The hurdle is knowing the secrets, and I
know the secrets. Y ou are obligated to open wide.”
While he didn’ t comply with enthusiasm, he at least stuck his head out to check if Y angchen had been followed. “What is it you really want?”
She stepped back to reveal the three unconscious bodies she’d sledged here using earthbending under the cover of darkness. “Some help dealing
with this.”
The color drained out of the man’s face. “I need to ask a higher -ranking
Lotus,” he said. He pulled the door shut hard enough to snap the bottom hinge and left Y angchen waiting in the freezing night air .
OceanofPDF .com

C O N V E R S A T I O N S
Eventually the door keeper and two more men came around to drag away the tails Yangch en had knocked out. She was let into the qarmaq. The first
thing she did was to go over to the qulliq and sit down. Withou t registering any of the other details inside, and before she could stop herself, she nodded
off, helpless against her fatigue.
She woke up shouting a curse, unsure of where she was or whether her ship had set sail.
“Relax,” said a woman who was tending to the moss wicks of the oil lamp. “You’ve only been nappin g for an hour. The world’ s not going to end
before sunrise.”
Easy for her to say. “The ships,” Yangchen slurred. She slapped her cheeks with both hands until she was fully awake. “Did any ships leave port
around sunset?”
“No vessels left after midday . No departures are scheduled tomorrow either , if that’ s what you’re worried about.”
Yangchen had already said more than she wanted to in front of this woman who was already prying. Unanimity was still in Port Tuugaq, which
meant she could technically rest easy for a little while. Technically . “What happened to the men I brought?”
“They’re being held in a secure place until you decide what to do.” The woman had grasped the Air Avatar ’s need to keep them silenced, but not
harmed. She leaned closer to the firelight, letting Yangchen take in her weathered face, her pale blue eyes. “Y ou can call me Mama.”
Yangchen knew Mama was checking to see if the Avatar recognized her.
And the only reason she’d do that was if they’d crossed paths before. But
Yangchen hadn’ t seen this woman anywhere she could remember , at least not up close.
Advantage to her host. “Thank you, Mama.”

They were alone in the room. The woman beckoned at a cooking pot over the fire. A trail of soup streamed into a bowl, which she gave to
Yangchen. “Meatless,” she said.
Yangchen would certainly have been forgiven by the Western Temple in this case, but she was grateful for the accommodation anyway . She took the
bowl and said nothing until she’d finished three servings. It was the first meal she’d eaten in days.
“The paths of the White Lotus and the Avatar normally only intertwine during moments of generational import,” Mama said. “Not because
someone needs to stash a few bodies. I don’t know how one of your past lives got access to our recognition codes, but it was a mistake to let it
happen.”
“How do you know it wasn’ t me who got access to them?”
Mama fixed her with her gaze. “Because you’re an amateur .” She filled a cup with tea and pushed it into Yangchen’ s hands. “You’re the rankest sort
of amateur there is. You’re too active, you do too many things yourself on the operation, and you expect results too quickly . You’ve no ability to wait,
whatsoever .”
This was why she didn’ t ask favors from the White Lotus. For Mama to say that meant they had watch ed her struggle after Tienhaishi. Nothing
during her travails back then suggested an organization of the world’ s wisest masters was secretly helping her behind the scenes. The White
Lotus, like everyone else, had turned their eyes away from immense suffering and done nothing. She couldn’ t forgive that.
Perhaps Mama was referring to her actions around Unanimity , and she’d been under observation this whole time like an insect tricked into thinking
the stick and leaf in her jar made up the entire world. “You’re not the local depot keeper ,” Yangchen said. “As far as I can tell, you’re too high ranking
of a Lotus. And you’re from the North, not the South. That means you’ve come all the way down to Port Tuugaq for an important task that couldn’ t
be trusted to anyone else. Y ou’re investigating something, aren’ t you?”
Mama didn’ t answer .
“We could do an information trade,” Yangchen offered. “Tha t’s what you professionals do all the time, isn’t it? If you think I’m such a fool, let’s
compare leads and see who got further to their goal.”

“Stop,” Mama said, looking as exasperated as any Western Temple elder . “Just stop. Stop playing around and for once think about the kind of
Avatar you want to be.”
You mean what kind of figur ehead, Yangch en thought. How should I
pose for my statue? Have the people around me been sufficiently awed by my presence? How long did awe feed a person anyway? How long did it
keep them warm?
Mama could see she wasn’ t getting through. “You think spying and intelligence and deception is a good use of your power . Such a waste when
you, more than any person in known history , could inspire people with the truth instead.”
“And what do you mean by that?”
“Practically every Avatar struggles to commune with their past selves,”
Mama said. “But you! The wealth of knowledge and wisdom at your fingertips! If you embraced your gift, walked with your predecessors along
the courses of their lives to the breadth and depth you alone among the generations seem to be able to do, then there would be no limit to your
accomplishments! You could guide the Four Nations to a new gilded era,
because you were there for the old ones!”
“How do you know about my gift?”
Yangchen’ s question was sharp and swift enough for the older woman to realize she’d made a mistake. The lights grew dim. The emotions of
Firebenders could manifest in surrounding flames and right now the Avatar was ready to burst. “How do you know about my gift?” Yangch en repeated
slowly .
Only the Western Temple elder s fully understood her relationship with her past lives. They’d kept the secret well, just like they’d prom ised to each
other . For a member of the White Lotus to know . . .
That meant Yangchen had been spied upon since childhood. Since before she’d been revealed to the world as the A vatar .
“You had someone in the Western Air Temple,” she murmured. “You had someone in my home, evaluating me like an asset. In my home.”
“You were the most important child in the world.” Mama would n’t look her in the eye. “And you were unstable. It would have been irresponsible
not to monitor you.”

The lamplight fractured into crosses, blurred by Yangchen’ s tears. The sheer hypocrisy of telling her not to be concerned with spies, to then go on
and explain she’d been the target of spies since before she could remember .
“That was my home, do you understand? That was my home! ”
She was holding tea for some reason. She put it down and stood up. The motion made her dizzy and her shoulder found a wall to rest on. “That was
my home,” she said again, as if enough repetitions could force Mama to fully understand the extent of the violation, that Yangchen wasn’ t talking
about a place but a time in her life, her own life.
Her childhood in the Western Temple was supposed to be the part of her that was real. The part free of manipulations and ulterior motives. And it
was gone now. It had been painted with the same dirty ink as every other operation that had gone on in the history of the Four Nations.
Could it have been Dagmola or Tsering answering to the White Lotus?
Was she to suspect Boma forevermore? And Jetsun. If Jetsun had masters outside the temple, had been feigning sisterhood with Yangchen to get an
outcome better suited to their needs . . .
Then there wasn’ t a Yangchen. There was no person inside the robes.
She’d be as the phoenix-eels said. An empty shell with no yolk inside.
She slid down the wall, the seams of her coat tearing against the roughhewn stone. “That was my home,” she said, choking on the falsehood of it all.
Yangchen folded into the corner . Mama came over and knelt beside her .
“I’m sorry ,” she said, with a flatness that acknowledged how useless the apology was. She turned Yangchen so she wasn’ t bending her spine
sideways and tucked a rolled-up quilt between her and the wall.
Mama’ s earlier confession robbed the warmth from the gesture. She wasn’ t trying to provide Yangchen comfort. She was making sure the
Avatar didn’t hit her head. The White Lotus’ s agent inside the temple had told them about the liability . The asset had to be protected.
Better not to know who it was. Better never to ask. “I already tried,”
Yangchen whispered. Her throat was scraped and raw, as if a common illness had chosen to strike her at her lowest point.
“Tried what?”
“I already tried your suggestion.” She shivered and pulled the corners of the quilt around her. “I sought out the Avatars of eras gone by. At some

point I figured, why not go on the attack, you know?” The emoti onal storms brought on by memories of her past lives so vivid she couldn’ t tell who or
where or when she was, didn’t preclude trying to commune the more dignified way .
“I only let the elders know about a fraction of my successes,” Yangchen said. “I spoke to dozens of previous A vatars. Upon dozens. Upon dozens. ”
She watched Mama frown. You don’t actually like that do you? That
I’ve done exactly as you’ve proposed. Telling Yangchen to bury herself in history had probably seemed like wise counsel in the older woman’ s head,
but carried out and made real? It cheapened a sacred component of
Avatarhood.
“I saw through their eyes, watc hed their lives unfurl,” Yangchen said.
“Time doesn’ t pass the same way inside a vision as it does in the physical world. At first I was overwhelm ed by the noise of it all. As someone who
appreciates intelligence, I’m sure you understand. The sheer quantity of information you have to sift through to find something relevant.
“And then I started noticing patterns over the eras I witnessed.
Repetition. I sat in front of my predecessors humbly , asked so many questions, listened to so many answers. Do you know what I learned?”
Yangchen clenc hed her fists around the quilt. “Their lives are full of regret,” she said. “Lost chances to make the world a better place. To me,
that’s what sticks out sharpest in their memories. Their regre ts over the times they did nothing.”
Why are you like this? The answer , here. “I have felt the shame of
Avatars gone by,” she said. “Lived through failures not recorded in history .
And I can tell you with absolute certainty—not a single one of my past selves that I’ve connected with wishes they waited longer to solve a
problem.”
Acting only in moments of generational import. Who decided which moments were important? And how many people suffered in between?
There had never been any gilded ages, as far as Y angchen had seen.
Mama picked up an atqun and went over to the qulliq to tend the wick.
A few touches of the small stick and the flame was restored along the lip of the soapstone lamp. “I come here from the North on a regular basis, to meet
with my fellows,” she said. “But this time I’m in town to investigate a

possible spiritua l disturbance. There have been reports of bright lights and loud noises along the tundra outside the city .”
Yangchen was so unimpressed with Mama’ s reason for being in Port
Tuugaq that it took her a while to realize her proposal for an information trade had been accepted. “That’ s it?” she said. “Lights and noise?” That
wasn’ t much, as far as accounts of spiritual activity were concerned.
“I will admit, it’s a more interesting lead now that the Avatar is here.”
Mama cocked her head as if to say your turn now . She obviously anticipated getting the better end of this exchange.
Could Yangchen trust the White Lotus? And more importantly , did she need their help? Three bruised men being held against their will said yes.
Her exhaustion, her lack of knowledge about the area, said yes. She couldn’ t let pride be the reason she failed, not at this juncture.
I hope I don’t regret this. “I’m not following up on spiritual business,”
Yangchen said. She told Mama everything she knew about Unanimity .
OceanofPDF .com

T R A C E S
“This is . . . news,” Mama said as she tried to absorb the salient points.
Yangchen didn’ t think she was feigning ignorance. The White Lotus had been caught unawares by Hensh e and Chaisee’ s secret project. While Mama
could criticize Yangchen’ s recklessness all she wanted, her organization was several steps behind the Avatar . “What was the name of the ship you
were looking for?”
“The Sunbeam, ” Yangchen said.
“Are you sure? I didn’ t see any records of a Sunbeam docking here in the last two months.”
Hmph. At some point during her investigation, Mama must have stolen a glimps e of some logbooks. Yangchen felt vindicated that her tactics had
merit. But the discrepancy didn’ t make sense. “My source verified the name. Three-masted junk.”
Mama’ s respons e was immediate and reflexive. “And you trust this source?”
“Yes. Yes, I do.” Yangchen felt more energized now that the food had taken hold. She decided she’d been too dismissive of Mama’ s information.
“Show me the area where the spiritual disturbances were reported.”
“I can do that.” Mama raised her teacup to her lips but then lowered it before taking a sip. “Y ou mean now? Y ou’ve barely slept!”
Yangchen threw off the blanket and got to her feet. “The night is clear ,”
she said. “There’ s enough moon. And I’ve told you how I feel about waiting.”
Whoever Mama was, she had enough influence to walk out of Port Tuugaq late at night with a guest in tow. She’d waved a pair of passes at the gate
guards but hadn’ t even bothered to let Y angchen hold hers.

When they were far enough away, Yangchen whistled for Nujian. She noted Mama’ s ease around the giant bison. They got on and flew farther
inland, over a fresh layer of sugary snow .
“There,” Mama said, pointing at a lar ge hill in the distance.
They landed on the highest point, where one side fell away sharply into a cliff. The powder reached their knees when they jumped down from
Nujian. Yangchen rubbed her arms as she looked around, first down the white slope of the hill, and then at the field the clif f sat atop. No tracks since
the snow had fallen.
“Do you sense any spirits?” Mama asked.
Yangchen did not. This area was simply . . . empty . No living creature born of either world seemed to want it. She wondered what it would be like
to live here, by herself. “Nothing.”
She was going to be the first to give up and propose going back. But a shadow caught her eye, or rather several of them did. She tilted her head
and peered back at the field. “Do you see those depressions?” she asked.
“Hold on, old eyes,” Mama said. She squinted and frowned. “You mean those very regularly spaced-out depressions.”
“Like tarts on a tray.” The snow far to the left and right was completely flat, but here, under the clif f . . .
It was in the way of the landscape she really wanted to see. “Stay behind Nujian,” Yangchen said. “The winds are about to pick up.” She took
a running start and leaped of f the edge of the clif f.
She made sure to fall a bit before slowing her descent with airbending,
twirling herself into a Full Lotus position. If she entered the Avatar State below the top of the cliff, there’ d be less danger to her only bystander . With
the stars above and the snows below , Yangchen closed her eyes and let herself become suspended, anchorless. Open and vulnerable to the
accumulated power of her past lives.
If future Avatars looked back on this moment, she hoped they wouldn’ t judge her, using their most incre dible ability for a bit of cleaning. She swept
the entire field, melting the snow , pushing it aside, riding vortices back and forth until a job that normally took a season’ s change was finished in a few
minutes. Once the gravelly earth underneath was exposed, she touched down and let the swell of energy wash away . After her battle with Old Iron,

she found the Avatar State easier to summon. But she couldn’ t cling to it any more than a swimmer could grasp a wave.
Yangchen walke d through the thawed field, an early springtime of her own making. The ground was spotted with craters. The largest holes were
as broad as houses and half as deep. And they were all round.
She took a closer look by sliding down into one of the depres sions. It was about as big as a sitting room. Inside the bowl, chunks of gravel had
melted and blackened. The clay underneath had been scooped out by some great force. A meteor? she thought. A meteor would have fit closely , but
there were no lumps of ore nearby , no deep impact bores in the ground. And the normal signs of bending, even when fire and earth clashed, didn’ t mesh
with her surroundings.
Yangchen heard the trails of a shout and she turned around. Her fellow investigator waved her hands from the top of the hill, telling her to come
back.
“Staying down there was a waste of time,” Mama said once she’d returned. “Y ou can read a better story from up here. Look.”
From their high ground, the exposed craters made a series of perfect,
semicircular arcs. One close, one far, one right in the middle, dividing the distance. “You see those glittering rocks? The ones that don’t look like they
belong?”
From this angle and distance, the moonlight sparkled against small piles of stones that must have contained reflective mineral. They were regularly
placed, as if to make an imaginary grid, one that narrowed until reaching the hill as its focal point.
“Those are distance markers,” Mama said. “Siege engineers in the Fire
Nation use them to test slings, crossbows, projectile throwers. Earthbending soldiers practice on fields like this one so they can get sorted by power and
accuracy .”
“But there’s no war machine in the Four Nations that could have made those craters,” Yangchen said. “And they don’t look like the results of any
kind of bending I’ve ever seen.”
“I can’t explain everything,” Mama said. “I can only tell you what I
think. And right now , I think this entire place is a tar get range.”
OceanofPDF .com

LAST CHANCES
The Queen of Omashu was a ponderous five-masted junk, built for stability over speed. Kalyaan had gotten Kavik on board by passing him off as one
of the authorized cargo mates, a member of the crew responsible for the secure transport of an individual shipment. Kavik had trouble reconciling
how an identity that could pass a harbormaster ’s inspection could be thrown together so quickly , even by a “boss-boss,” until it dawned on him that
Kalyaan had already prepared this cover long ago. For himself. Kavik was using up his brother ’s means to come home.
“I’m sending you back to Bin-Er on the same ship as Unanimity ,”
Kalyaan had said. “Henshe’ s leaving earlier on a faster vessel and will be waiting for the drop-of f. He has to get it without a hitch, do you
understand? I’m not safe until he does. Afterward, I want you to go home and take care of Mother and Father. If the Avatar ’s team snoops around, I’ll
leave a trail that makes it plausible you were ordered away by the association.” The lights in his eyes danced faster than ever. “The next few
days could be . . . important. And I’d prefer you were around to protect our family in case things don’ t go according to plan.”
Once the voyag e had begun in earnest, Kavik nearly broke down in a laughing fit. He still didn’ t know what Unanimity was; perhaps he never
would. He’d remain in the dark forever , wandering unenlightened.
But down belowdecks, it was painfully obvious that three large wooden boxes among the many , each about as tall as his head, contained the assets
the Avatar had been searching for this whole time. How could he tell? The muscle sitting in front of them.
Two men and one woman never left the containers’ sides. They took their meals by themselves and slept in shifts. They were tall and powerfully
built. Based on their golden eyes, Kavik assumed all three were Fire Nation.
They might have been benders since they carried no weapons, but then

again, he doubted the wisdom of shooting flames inside a wooden ship.
Their size alone would have carried them through plenty of fights.
Kavik tried some small talk when the other crew members weren’ t around, voluntee red to be the one who brought them food from the galley—
they ate massive quantities, easily double the rations of the other crew members. But they were ferociously tight-lipped. The woman’ s name was
Yingsu, the bearded man was Xiaoyun, and the guy with the long ears was
Thapa.
They did not want to play Sparrowbones with Kavik as a fourth.
He watched the shores of Bin-Er approach for the second time in his life.
During the first, the harbor had seemed so vast, a wide-open mouth ever feeding.
But now he was coming at the continent from a different angle. A
bigger ship. And from the top deck, high above the waterline, Kavik noticed signs of trouble before they got close enough to lower anchor .
Several piers at the far end had burned down to their posts, blackened stumps sticking out of the water . Warehouse doors that normally would
have been kept wide open during daylight hours had been chained shut.
Men with clubs patrolled the docks, the actual longshoremen eyeing them warily as they passed.
The shangs must have liked Teiin’s tactics at Gidu Shrine and hired more headkickers. They’r e only catching up to Chaisee’ s level, he thought.
The Queen of Omashu was secured to her berth by expert hands moving around Kavik, who was merely a stone in the river at this point. Hoists and
winches were quickly set up to reach across the deck and pluck cargo from the hold. He shuffled out of the way, focusing his attention past the
warehouses. There were standof fs occurring all the way down the avenues leading away from the docks, groups of men and women shouting curses,
chains of people with linked arms, broken wares strewn over the ground, as if goods had been ambushed and destroyed on their routes deeper into the
city.
What happened while I was gone? he started to ask himself. But then he realized his surprise was unfounded. He knew very well the wounds Bin-Er
hid under its bandages, and they’d begun to fester .

A team of harbormasters board ed the boat to check clearances. This arrival had to be as clean as the dishes on the Earth King’ s table. Kavik’ s
cover , or rather Kalyaan’ s, work ed flawlessly , and the inspectors paid him little mind.
He spotted Zongdu Henshe waiting by the unloading area for his prize.
Kavik had seen him at public events around Bin-Er; the word on the street was that Henshe was basically the shangs’ lapdog. But did it matter how
fearsome his reputation was when he effectively held Kalyaan hostage?
Kavik gritted his teeth and kept out of Henshe’ s line of sight.
The three huge guards, wrapp ed in bulky coats, walked down the gangplank so they could watch the assets touch down on dry land. They
made a cordon around the unloading area by virtue of existi ng. Henshe pressed closer but didn’ t address them.
The elevated framework connec ting the ship to the dock was completed.
The first Unanimity crate rose from the hold, needing the strength of several men pulling on the hoist ropes, wooden spars groaning as the box levitated
underneath them , crossing from ship to shore. Kavik held his breath as the assets made their descent. The final stage of the journey .
And then a small flame shot over his head. Less than a candle’ s worth.
If he didn’ t know better , he would have believed it came from Yingsu’ s fingers, while everyone was looking elsewhere. He turned around to see a
scorched, glowi ng wound eating deeper into the line. The hoist juddered with each skein that gave way .
“Get back!” he and several people cried out at once. There was enough warning to clear the immediate area, but not to save the cargo. The rope
snapped, and Unanimity fell crashing to the ground.
When the dust cleared, Kavik poked his head over the rail. The shang men were in motion, screaming and shoving at the frightened dockworkers,
demanding to know where the fire had come from. The crate was destroyed,
its contents piled on the docks. Kavik stared in shock at the great secret,
exposed for all to see.
Unanimity . . . was a pile of stones. Chop seal blanks, to be precise.
That couldn’ t—how—
Kavik searched for Henshe in the crowd. The zongdu of Bin-Er was already walking away with the three shipment guards in tow, using the

distraction to avoid any furth er notice from the harbormasters. They rounded the corner of a warehouse and disappeared.
You wer e so close with the logbook , was what Kalyaan had said.
Shipments have to be escorted by specific crew members during the voyage, named in advance , was what the A vatar had said.
Henshe hadn’ t cared about the physical goods. He’d only wanted a particular delive ry to occur because he needed the people who had been
cleared to travel with it from Jonduri to Bin-Er . They were the assets. They were Unanimity .
Kavik shouted, incoherent, no plan in his head to form words. His voice was lost in the din. He ran down the gangplank and ducked through scuffles
escalating into brawls until he reached the point where he’d lost sight of
Henshe and the other three.
But he was too late. They were gone.
OceanofPDF .com

C L A R I T Y
In Bin-Er , the vortex was spinning. The crushing ice closed in, threatening to smash, skewer anything caug ht inside. The fracas at the docks was only
the edge of the whirlpool.
Kavik headed deeper into Bin-Er to find that the residents had gone from crowding the square to blocking the streets with barricades, some
earthbent or frozen into place, others simply construction debris heaped up high. He learned that night skirmishes had been fought to maintain them
against the shang brutes seekin g to unclog the flow of traffic and force people back to work.
A few arteries through the city remained open to official business, but everyone expect ed Earth King Feishan to step in soon. There were reports
of troop s marching toward Bin-Er . Comeuppance for the shangs was at hand, claimed some, gleefully . Others shook their heads in fear at the
prospect of an intervention. Who would the Earth King side with? Did he even understand there were sides, or would he simply level the city and
start anew?
It was dangerou s to cross town, he was warned over and over again by shop owners through the cracks in the boards they’d nailed over their
windows, by mothers pulling their children back through their doors by the men and women manning the barricades against the headkickers. Each
time, he gave his thanks and continued on his way over their concerns.
Someone had told him once that he had good moves. He could wriggle his way through the dangers.
As far as Kavik was concerned, he’d done what his brother had asked.
The Avatar had been sent off to Port Tuugaq, oblivious to his betrayal, and she’d missed the crucial shipment. Henshe had gotten his due and had no
further reason to threaten Kalyaan.
What was so special about those people that they were worth so much trouble? At least one of them was a Firebender; likely all three were.