Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 2)

of her and launched herself forward, spinning like an arrow with offset

fletching.

Her robes wound around her body while she bent a spray of air that kept

her from colliding with floor or ceiling. She landed on her back and skidded

to a stop. Amazed she hadn’t dashed her brains out, she snapped her fingers

for a flicker of light and counted the columns. Twenty-two. Overshot by a

bit, but close enough.

V oices above her, the creak of benches, told her she was back under the

assembly room where she could listen to the shangs’ response to the fire

she’d set to their seats.

There were people above her, but little conversation. In a massive stroke

of luck, it seemed like she hadn’t missed much. The shangs were waiting,

probably for Henshe, whose voice she hadn’t registered yet.

She would have to be patient as well. Yangchen made herself as

comfortable as she could and settled in for her opponent’s turn.

OceanofPDF.com

OUTSIDE OPTIONS

Henshe splashed water from the basin across his face. It was cold enough to

blue his lips if he dunked his head in it for more than a minute. He was a

“Middler,” as the Water Tribe youths of Bin-Er liked to call people from the

Earth Kingdom and Fire Nation, but he never really minded the frigid

climate. It was and always had been the least of his concerns.

He squeezed his eyes shut, letting the liquid drip down his nose. Then

he grasped the small wooden tub with both hands and hurled it against the

far wall of the empty barracks. The water spilled across the floor. The basin

made a hollow thunk and bounced instead of breaking, as if to make light of

his rage.

This is what he’d been reduced to. Hiding in the washroom, weeping.

He wanted to scream at the injustice of it all.

Henshe took his time drying his face with his sleeve. Ablutions were

one of the few moments of the day when he wasn’t at the beck and call of

the shangs. They’d harangue him in his dreams if they could. He walked

past the empty wooden beds, the weaponless racks. Bin-Er, like its sister

cities in the other nations, was allowed nothing to protect itself against the

sovereign land around it.

In the hallway, he beckoned the leader of his watchers over, a young

woman named Miki. He had placed attendants around the windows and

corners and told them to stay on the lookout for anything suspicious.

“Where’s the Avatar?” he asked.

“She left. I saw her take off on her bison.”

“And her companion?”

Miki’s eyes widened. “I don’t know.”

Henshe stared at her. “You lost track of a slow-moving old man?”

The woman couldn’t answer. She was a non-bender with a younger

brother at home, Henshe remembered. Not the healthiest scamp, always

sick with some kind of cough or another.

“I’ll tell you what, Miki.” He gestured at a bamboo scaffolding reaching

all the way up to the highest window of the hall, long forgotten from an

interior repainting job abandoned halfway. “Why don’t you go check that

he’s not on the roof, spying on us this very moment?”

“The—the roof, sir?”

“I know it’s steep and a little icy, but it’s where I need you the most

right now.” Henshe placed his hand on her shoulder. “We’ve been put at a

disadvantage because we didn’t consider anyone watching us from an

elevated position. Let’s not make the same mistake twice.”

Henshe paid all his watchers out of his own coffer, and he’d specifically

chosen people with few alternative means of making a living. Without his

continued blessing, they’d be on the streets. Miki’s lip trembled, but she

went to the scaffolding and, with difficulty, hauled herself up to the first

level.

The joints of the structure were loose from neglect. The bamboo

wobbled and creaked under her weight, months-old dust raining down. She

looked back over her shoulder before attempting to climb any higher.

Henshe smiled encouragingly at her.

“You’re doing great, Miki,” he said. “Keep up the good work.”

A few deep breaths were necessary before he parted the doors to the

assembly room. The men and women inside were already standing. Had

they been mirrors in the sun, he would have been cooked alive.

Henshe maintained his grin. “What a meeting, huh?”

Teiin, famous among the Bin-Er commonfolk for never saying a word in

public, was the first to lose it. “I don’t like being pointed at, Henshe!” he

screamed. “I don’t like being pointed at! You said you would handle the

Avatar! That wasn’t handling it!”

Teiin whipped around so he could tear into Sidao, who was supposed to

be their spy on the inside of the Avatar’s retinue. “And you! What do we

pay you for, you idiot? You let her scout the docks for nearly a month? How

hard is it to keep track of a single girl?”

“She’s unpredictable!” Sidao wailed. “None of this would have

happened if you all had kept the flow of traffic within limits!”

Wrong response. The people who paid you were never at fault. Henshe

watched as the merchants swarmed upon Sidao, a school of fish devouring a

floating corpse. Something about this city stripped away decorum from its

people and exposed the raw skeletons underneath. A high-ranking Fire

National would never throw a tantrum in a formal setting. An Earth

Kingdom citizen forgetting to maintain face? A Water Tribe trader

withholding their legendary generosity? Unheard of. Unless they were

shangs.

An Air Nomad having us by the throat, Henshe mused. Only in Bin-Er.

As fun as it was to watch Sidao suffer instead of himself for a change,

Henshe did need to do his job. He walked up to the raised dais where the

Avatar had sat and stamped his foot like bailiffs of years gone by. “My

friends,” he said. “Please remain calm.”

Mistress Noehi, who had so enjoyed provoking the Avatar earlier,

chewed on her knuckle like a soup bone. “Calm?! The Earth King is going

to raze us to the ground, Henshe! You try staying calm!”

He was. He was trying. Unlike the rest of them, he couldn’t afford

public panic. Henshe continued to beat a jig on the platform until everyone

was paying attention to him. “My esteemed friends! As hard as it is to

believe, we should be grateful to the young Avatar.”

There was no way Henshe could get away with saying that if he hadn’t a

solution in store. So the shangs gave him the benefit of the doubt and let

him continue. “She’s reminded us of the fatal flaw in our system,” he said.

“We exist purely at the whim of a petulant Earth King. Nor are we any less

vulnerable to the Fire Lord, or the Chief of the Water Tribe, should they

decide to back out of their trade agreements. Any head of state could end us

if they wanted to.”

Noehi snorted. “Are you saying you have a way to fix that flaw?”

“I do. You’ve heard me talk about it before. Unanimity.”

A few of the younger shangs, those who had more recently come into

their positions, didn’t recognize the code name. “I thought the Unanimity

project was a goose-monkey chase,” said the old stalwart Teiin. “A

theoretical obsession of your predecessor. He never shared with us the

details, only the possibilities.”

“I assure you it’s completely real, and it’s finished,” Henshe said.

“Dooshim was working on it with Zongdu Chaisee of Jonduri, just in case a

scenario like this one ever occurred.”

The shangs were nervous despite the project representing the very

answer they were looking for. Henshe found their indecisiveness abhorrent.

At least the Avatar had the courage to escalate.

“We have been caught out in a bad position,” Henshe said. “Unanimity

is how we recover our footing. We never had a solid position to fall back on

when it came to negotiating with the Earth King, but we do now.”

He paced along the dais, around the grand chair and the small table

where the Avatar’s tea setting remained. “If we bring it into play, neither the

Avatar nor the Earth King will have power over us. We’ll have complete

impunity. The Earth King will sign any charter you want him to sign. We’ll

be able to rewrite the laws in Omashu if we feel like. And the Avatar will be

forced to keep her nose out of other people’s business.”

This was where the nun had erred. To reach agreement on something,

you overpromised first and worried about the delivery later. You sold the

moon for a silver piece and handed over a ladder. “Now,” Henshe said, “I

will do what I always do and solve this problem for you. Any objections?”

None, for once. Henshe picked up the half-full cup the Avatar had left

behind and raised it in the air. Toasting himself since no one else would,

using his opponent’s words. “To our future.” He drained the rest of her tea.

One of the stupidest parts about being the zongdu was how you were judged

on a day-to-day, moment-to-moment basis. Have one bad conversation in

the morning and you were a failure forever. Make a convincing speech in

the afternoon and you were solid. A reliable presence.

Today Henshe was so-so at his job. He’d brought a sliver of hope to a

disaster with nothing but sheer confidence. As the shangs left, Mistress

Noehi gave him parting words. “What’s mine is mine, Henshe,” she said.

“I’m not giving up what I’ve earned. You’d better see to that.”

“Of course.” Henshe hid his scoff with his bow. Noehi acted like she’d

clawed her riches from the sea with her bare hands, when she probably had

never seen a spiraled oyster that hadn’t already been shucked. Her father

had been granted the pearl monopoly simply because he’d had the same

calligraphy tutor as the Earth King, and then he died of a heart clutch,

leaving the entire business to his daughter.

Earned. That was the thing about these merchants. They feigned

enterprise and risk-taking when all they were doing was drinking from a

river no one else was allowed to approach.

After they left, Henshe almost didn’t realize Minister Sidao was still in

the room. Once it was just the two of them, the Avatar’s advisor sat down

on the dais itself and hugged his knees, as if Henshe cared about his

troubles and was going to offer a shoulder to cry on.

“I’m as good as burned,” Sidao moaned. “There’s no way Teiin or

anyone else will keep me on after today.”

You’re old enough to be my father, you pathetic sea slug. “Don’t worry

about it,” Henshe said, staring at the man’s back. “You’re not burned until

she signs your dismissal. In fact, you have the most important role to play

here. I need you to personally deliver the message to Zongdu Chaisee in

Jonduri that we’re moving forward with Unanimity. She needs to quit

dawdling and make sure the shipments get to Bin-Er as soon as possible.”

Sidao stroked his beard, latching on to the glimmer of hope that his

pockets would remain as heavy as always. “You’re not going to send her a

messenger hawk?”

“Chaisee doesn’t do important business by hawk; she doesn’t think

they’re secure enough.” One of Henshe’s many annoyances with her. “This

is going to require an in-person visit.”

“What exactly is Unanimity?”

Like I’d share that information with a gob like you. “A means of making

a very convincing argument. Chaisee will explain everything after you

deliver the message.”

“My traveling rights are linked to the Avatar’s official business,” Sidao

said. “I’ll have to trick her into declaring Jonduri as her next official stop.”

Henshe was struck by the peculiarity of two grown men plotting their

hearts out against a young girl, an Air Nomad no less. We’ve declared war

on the Avatar, he thought. She just doesn’t know it yet. “That shouldn’t be

hard. She’ll want to try her message again with a different audience; I’ll bet

she’s already planning to visit Jonduri as the next stop on her tour. Make

sure you give her the impression that she’ll get what she wants there.”

The Master of Elements was still a person with needs, and he knew

people and their needs. “The Avatar should have what she desires most,”

Henshe said. “A pretty little place in history. A few paper victories and a

nicely burnished image. She’ll be able to show the Four Nations she cared.”

He stared at the empty chair on the dais. “Do you know what former

Zongdu Dooshim did after he left the job?”

“No,” Sidao said, despite being the one to bring up the man’s name

earlier. “Why?”

Case in point. “I’ll tell you. Dooshim took his mountains of gold and

bought an inn near Su Oku. Spent his days soaking in oils and perfume over

a rushing waterfall. And then he died! Peacefully in his sleep. He got in and

got out.”

Henshe sighed. “No one really keeps track of my predecessors. No one

cares to remember them. They all got what they wanted, and then

disappeared one way or another.”

A faint scream came from outside, and then a plummeting thud like a

clump of snow sliding off the roof.

“How lucky they were, no?” Henshe said.

Yangchen reentered the inn where she was staying through the window.

Boma was waiting in her room, nodding off in a chair. When he saw her,

covered in soot and robes torn, he yelped in fright.

“WHAT—” He quickly caught himself and lowered his voice. “What

happened?”

“Not now. Just . . . not now.”

Boma had seen her in every state and every mood, hurt and healthy. He

knew when she needed space. He nodded and left. Yangchen sat on her bed

without bothering to change and laid her face on her hands. She rolled her

cheeks against her palms, up and down.

The zongdu’s viciousness, his complete lack of hesitation, had shaken

her. His initial performance as the beleaguered administrator had been so

convincing. Was she losing her touch? First Kavik had nearly tricked her

with his poor little pious thief act, and now this.

The dirt pilled between her skin. Her escape had been a matter of

waiting until Sidao and Henshe left, and then slowly, painstakingly

earthbending herself a passage that led a safe distance away from the

building. She’d emerged from the ground, covered the hole, and made a

leap onto a nearby roof without anyone noticing her. Functionally, a clean

getaway.

But then she’d spotted a disturbance back at the hall, the kind of crowd

that formed around misery. She laid low and waited until the slow-moving

hubbub passed underneath her. Peering over the edge, she saw an

unconscious woman being carried away on a stretcher, her body limp and

arm twisted.

It must have happened while Yangchen was still under the surface of the

ground. She wanted more than anything to drop down and provide healing

right then and there. But had she reappeared so quickly, Henshe would

might realize she’d listened in on his plans.

So she waited, her nails chiseling crescents into her palms, until the

stretcher passed. Whoever the injured woman was, her pain was on

Yangchen now. The Avatar who didn’t help.

She had to make amends. Both to the woman she’d ignored, and the

people of this city as a whole. She would never be able to make things right

if her opponents possessed a trick up their sleeves that made them

untouchable.

Unanimity. What kind of project or asset or weapon could give Henshe

and the shangs such confidence against the Earth King? Yes, Yangchen had

brought the mercurial, rage-prone ruler into play in a clumsy manner. But

His Majesty should have represented the boundary where the Avatar and the

shangs, recognizing a mutual danger, agreed to back away and stay within

certain limits.

Henshe had assured his masters that soon they would have no limits.

“Unanimity” would make them answerable to no one. She couldn’t have

that. She didn’t think the world could handle that. It fell upon her to deny

the shangs their prize.

Sometimes Yangchen wondered if she was justified in racing out to

meet problems instead of reacting. But she had dozens upon dozens of

times observed passive Avatars, lived their overwhelming regret and shame.

She would remember Tienhaishi in her own life and think about how

differently things might have worked out had she been able to talk to Old

Iron earlier, before he donned his armor and reached land.

Nowhere in any great library of the world did it say one had to let a

mighty injustice occur before getting out of your chair. Better to parry the

sword than heal the wound it made in the flesh.

Yangchen stood and flicked the rolled-up dirt from her hands. If you

want a fight, I’ll give you one. She called Boma back in and gave him

instructions to search every doctor near the gathering hall for an injured

woman matching a certain description and pay for her treatment with the

rest of the Bin-Er budget.

Once he returned, he could help her pack. “If you’re leaving the city,

this may be a good chance to ditch Sidao,” Boma said. “Corrupt little elbow

leech couldn’t even hide which side he was playing for very well.”

“No, not yet.” She’d play as dumb as she could about the minister’s

loyalties. Henshe’s message to his fellow zongdu in Jonduri had to be

delivered by a trusted courier, after all. “Sidao and I have travel plans to

discuss.”

And she, alone, had a recruiting pitch to complete. One that had

suddenly leaped in importance.

OceanofPDF.com

THE TRADE

New rule, Kavik thought. No more traveling through the square itself, no

matter how big of a detour he had to make.

It was simply too risky. Since Teiin’s forceful exit from the Gidu Shrine,

the square had become a regular meeting place for the people of Bin-Er to

air their grievances. More men and women flocked to the crowd every day,

and their chants against the shangs could be heard from blocks away,

carried on the wind.

The ice was building. The waters were foaming. A time would come

when the center of Bin-Er collapsed in on itself, and since Kavik didn’t

know when that was, he would simply never be there, ever. To avoid the

whirlpool, you avoided the boat.

He still managed to get to the teahouse on time. The Golden

Cloudberry, unfamiliar to him. The interior was dark and full of corners

created by partial walls and screens. The proprietor was busy in the back,

judging by the sounds of clanking pots. Kavik kept his hood on and waited.

Qiu arrived, and to Kavik’s annoyance, chose to sit down in the booth

behind him so they were back-to-back. He supposed the older boy wanted

to mask their conversation, but the act didn’t help when they were the only

two customers in the shop.

Whatever. After his disaster with the Avatar, Kavik no longer had any

grounds to complain about someone else’s skill at legwork. “You cabbage

slug,” Kavik muttered. “You knew whose room you were sending me into,

didn’t you?”

“You were safer than you’ve ever been,” Qiu said. Replying to the

empty air in front of him wasn’t suspicious at all, no. “What’s an Air

Nomad going to do, kill you? Listen to you bellyache. You got in and out

without a hitch.”

Kavik mulled over the blatantly false statement. So word on the street

hadn’t linked him to the Avatar. Dinner with his folks had remained a

secret, and whether it was out of lingering loyalty or a hefty exit payment,

the fired guards hadn’t spread the news in Bin-Er about an intruder in the

Blue Manse.

Which meant the market value of the letter he’d stolen from Yangchen

was still perfect, as high as it got. “It wasn’t a perfect run. I was able to grab

an envelope and that’s it.”

He heard the rustle of Qiu straightening up in excitement and then the

slump of him trying to play it cool. “Could be nothing. You didn’t damage

the seal, did you?”

“See for yourself.” He held the envelope out, low and behind him. Qiu

groped around blindly until his fingers landed on the paper and snatched it

away like a starving snowgull fighting over a dropped bun.

Kavik let his broker take his time examining the outside of the letter.

Sad as it was, Qiu was the closest thing he had left to a friend these days.

Once the residents of the Water Tribe Quarter stopped talking to him, his

social circle had withered down to just his fellow miscreants in errand

running. Mama Ayunerak didn’t count.

“Enough playing around,” Kavik said. “I just picked you over the

Avatar, and she’s a lot prettier. Tell me what I want to know.” He ran the

pad of his thumb over his fingers. He didn’t want to add up the price of this

answer, not really. The going rate for an errand runner was easy enough to

tally, but the discord with his parents wasn’t.

“All right, so my contact in the pass control office was able to get some

time alone with the records. She doesn’t find Kalyaan’s name in the

approved section, but she finds a description. Water Tribe man with eight

fingers applying for exit out of Bin-Er. Destination to be decided, which is

really rare. That’s got to be him, right? She says the pass was granted

around the last time you or I or anyone else heard from him.”

Qiu shifted in his seat. “It’s like you suspected. Your brother’s gone.”

Kavik, twelve years old, had been nervous about stepping onto the soil of

the continent. Though the gray climate was little different on this side of the

strait, the journey across the water had boiled his fears into a heavy lump.

“We’ll make the leap together,” Kalyaan said to him. “If we do, the

spirits will keep us safe no matter what.”

At his instruction, the entire family shed their mittens and made a chain.

Kavik grasped his brother’s hand, his fist fitting neatly into the space left

behind by Kalyaan’s missing ring and pinkie fingers. While Kalyaan

counted down from ten, their parents playfully teased their younger son for

being silly, and their eldest for humoring him with such a bad idea. The

wind stung and chapped their exposed skin.

Kalyaan stayed on focus and winked at Kavik. “. . . three . . . two . . .

one!”

The four of them stepped off their umiak in perfect unison and cheered,

swinging their still-connected arms high in the air. The other families

making their landings rolled their eyes and shook their heads, but Kavik felt

more relief than he could describe. He hadn’t fallen through the gravel or

been skewered with arrows. The charm of unity had protected them.

The great docks of Bin-Er lay off to the side where the water was

deeper. Workers swarmed the fat-bellied cargo ships made of overlaid wood

planks and broke down their contents with iron hooks and shovels. Barrels

rolled down improvised ramps, sometimes falling into the water with a

splash, but no pause was spared to recover them. A certain amount of lost

goods were acceptable casualties.

The activity reminded Kavik of a polar bear–dog feeding on a carcass,

scraps of wasted meat flying across the snow, and he shuddered. But his

convoy from the North had made the trip without fuss in their own vessels,

the shallow drafts allowing them to beach safely. Just like any other move

between camps.

Maybe this new land wouldn’t be so bad, he thought as man in a heavy

green uniform walked up to greet them.

Early on in his duties as a junior clerk at Nuqingaq’s, Kavik had marveled

at how steady the wages were. You knew exactly how much coin you were

going to make every week. And while you couldn’t chance upon a bounty

on the level of a whale-walrus or a net bursting with a whole school of

cuttle-perch, you’d never go wanting for too long either.

How lucky he was, he used to think as he rubbed his bleary eyes at his

table. Many of his benchmates had come to Bin-Er on their own, leaving

wives and husbands and parents and children behind, but Kavik was and

always would be with the people he loved most under one roof.

Kalyaan stayed with Nuqingaq’s for less than six moons.

He hadn’t shown any signs of dissatisfaction. He just failed to show up

for his shift one morning, and then again the next. There was no third time

because he was fired and barred from ever setting foot on the shop floor

again.

The silent ruckus that followed Kalyaan leaving his job and the way the

family became pariahs inside their own place of employment taught Kavik

a lot about how things really worked in Bin-Er. Through eavesdropping on

upset exchanges between his coworkers, he learned the true asset of

Nuqingaq and Partners wasn’t its low error rate but its highly limited

involvement in the greater swirl of forces in the city.

Because its employees kept to themselves and had such little contact

with anyone from the Fire Nation and Earth Kingdom, because the business

wasn’t in the pocket of a particular shang, in principle they would be left

alone. And it would be easier for them to get exit passes to leave Bin-Er

when they wished. But Kalyaan suddenly going off by himself to

whereabouts unknown threatened that privilege—assuming it had ever

really existed.

For the incautious, Bin-Er was a fishing weir that drew them in and

didn’t let them go. No one at the bookkeepers, Kavik included, wanted to

live in the city forever. Putting the group at risk because of your own

foolhardiness simply wasn’t done in the poles. You looked out for your

own.

Kalyaan still came home in the evenings, though he deflected any

questions about what he was doing. He had found different work, he told

Kavik. Everything was fine.

Whatever new job he had, it paid better than bookkeeping by orders of

magnitude. At Nuqingaq’s, Kavik heard the whispers about his brother, and

they used words like runner. Lackey. Spy.

Kalyaan started coming home less and less often. That was fine too.

Young men and women moved out of their parents’ houses; that was to be

expected. Sure, it usually coincided with a marriage, but Kalyaan was as

tight-lipped about his social life as he was his working hours.

He also gifted them an entire new house. Not forcibly but forcefully. It

was better to live closer to the international district, he said. Sure, the

wooden structure was harder to keep clean and warm, but it was better.

Why? Kavik didn’t know, and neither did his parents. They listened to

Kalyaan and moved their oil lamp and the rest of their belongings. He

sounded very confident. The change in residence did not go unnoticed by

their neighbors.

Then one morning, it happened. All the bookkeepers, clerks, and

assistants were called to the shop floor. Someone with intimate knowledge

of the client list and the timing of their contract renewals had poached their

most critical customers, the boss explained. Many of the people gathered

here were going to lose their jobs.

Kavik watched as his neighbors were culled. His first real lesson in how

an agreement, a numerical projection, arcane words floating without a trace

through the physical world, could lead to a person losing their livelihood.

He and his father survived untouched. There didn’t seem to be any logic

behind the decision.

The Water Tribe Quarter rallied around their members who weren’t as

lucky. It was their way to support each other. But there was no doubt who

was to blame for the incident, because Kalyaan never came home again

after that.

Kavik and his parents waited for him while suffering their due. In the

poles, those who committed unforgivable offenses against the community

might wake up one day to find the camp had moved on without them. There

was nowhere to move to in Bin-Er, except around corners when Kavik

approached, away when he sat down at the workbench, off to the side when

he tried to speak.

Was there a breaking point? A specific moment when he’d swallowed

too much of Bin-Er, and his body reacted to purge itself? He couldn’t

remember. Kavik could remember how brightly the obvious solution to his

problems burned in his mind as he put on his parka and became the second

person ever to voluntarily walk out of Nuqingaq’s.

Most kinds of quarry rewarded patience, but there were some

exceptions. You didn’t wander off in a random direction when stalking a

herd of finned caribou; nor did you sit down and freeze, waiting for them to

return. You followed their tracks as closely as you could. To find his

brother, he would have to walk in his brother’s footsteps.

Kavik would run errands just like Kalyaan had. He would play the game

and hunt down leads until he caught up to the former golden child of Long

Stretch. And then he would drag him back home, kicking and screaming if

necessary, so their family could leave this spirits-forsaken city the same

way they arrived.

Together.

The start of his quest. The hard knocks of learning the information game

had been shiny and charming for a while, as much as picking through stolen

meeting minutes and absorbing back-alley drubbings could be.

But that vow had taken place a long time ago. His self-imposed mission

was dead now, Qiu its less-than-likely pallbearer. He didn’t know what to

do.

Assuming Qiu was telling the truth, the timing lined up. It would

explain why Kavik was having so much trouble finding a man in a city

most people weren’t allowed to leave. And it would mean that his older

brother, without so much as a word or a letter, had walked out on his family

and left them behind for good.

Kavik felt very small and alone, sitting across from no one. He cleared

his throat. He cleared his throat again.

“Hey,” Qiu said in a rare moment of sympathy. “I’m sorry. I know

Water Tribe families are close.”

“Yeah, I . . .” He wanted to talk about something else. “What are you

going to do with the letter?”

“Same as Kalyaan. Ditch this place.” Qiu wasn’t so sorry or so sensitive

as to avoid treading on the fresh wound. He smacked the paper. “I know

where I can get in touch with agents representing overseas buyers. They’ll

bring me to them. I’m aiming for Taku. Getting out of the cold for good.”

Qiu didn’t have anyone to take with him. Kavik pushed the shapeless

feeling inside him away, before it had the chance to become pity or envy.

Qiu got up and rearranged his heavy coat as he left. He paused by the

door, giving Kavik a view of the undisguised glee on his round,

pockmarked face. He was free. “Give Kalyaan my best if you ever see him

again,” he said, and disappeared into the street.