Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 12)

outcome better suited to their needs . . .

Then there wasn’t a Yangchen. There was no person inside the robes.

She’d be as the phoenix-eels said. An empty shell with no yolk inside.

She slid down the wall, the seams of her coat tearing against the roughhewn stone. “That was my home,” she said, choking on the falsehood of it

all.

Yangchen folded into the corner. Mama came over and knelt beside her.

“I’m sorry,” she said, with a flatness that acknowledged how useless the

apology was. She turned Yangchen so she wasn’t bending her spine

sideways and tucked a rolled-up quilt between her and the wall.

Mama’s earlier confession robbed the warmth from the gesture. She

wasn’t trying to provide Yangchen comfort. She was making sure the

Avatar didn’t hit her head. The White Lotus’s agent inside the temple had

told them about the liability. The asset had to be protected.

Better not to know who it was. Better never to ask. “I already tried,”

Yangchen whispered. Her throat was scraped and raw, as if a common

illness had chosen to strike her at her lowest point.

“Tried what?”

“I already tried your suggestion.” She shivered and pulled the corners of

the quilt around her. “I sought out the Avatars of eras gone by. At some

point I figured, why not go on the attack, you know?” The emotional storms

brought on by memories of her past lives so vivid she couldn’t tell who or

where or when she was, didn’t preclude trying to commune the more

dignified way.

“I only let the elders know about a fraction of my successes,” Yangchen

said. “I spoke to dozens of previous Avatars. Upon dozens. Upon dozens.”

She watched Mama frown. You don’t actually like that do you? That

I’ve done exactly as you’ve proposed. Telling Yangchen to bury herself in

history had probably seemed like wise counsel in the older woman’s head,

but carried out and made real? It cheapened a sacred component of

Avatarhood.

“I saw through their eyes, watched their lives unfurl,” Yangchen said.

“Time doesn’t pass the same way inside a vision as it does in the physical

world. At first I was overwhelmed by the noise of it all. As someone who

appreciates intelligence, I’m sure you understand. The sheer quantity of

information you have to sift through to find something relevant.

“And then I started noticing patterns over the eras I witnessed.

Repetition. I sat in front of my predecessors humbly, asked so many

questions, listened to so many answers. Do you know what I learned?”

Yangchen clenched her fists around the quilt. “Their lives are full of

regret,” she said. “Lost chances to make the world a better place. To me,

that’s what sticks out sharpest in their memories. Their regrets over the

times they did nothing.”

Why are you like this? The answer, here. “I have felt the shame of

Avatars gone by,” she said. “Lived through failures not recorded in history.

And I can tell you with absolute certainty—not a single one of my past

selves that I’ve connected with wishes they waited longer to solve a

problem.”

Acting only in moments of generational import. Who decided which

moments were important? And how many people suffered in between?

There had never been any gilded ages, as far as Yangchen had seen.

Mama picked up an atqun and went over to the qulliq to tend the wick.

A few touches of the small stick and the flame was restored along the lip of

the soapstone lamp. “I come here from the North on a regular basis, to meet

with my fellows,” she said. “But this time I’m in town to investigate a

possible spiritual disturbance. There have been reports of bright lights and

loud noises along the tundra outside the city.”

Yangchen was so unimpressed with Mama’s reason for being in Port

Tuugaq that it took her a while to realize her proposal for an information

trade had been accepted. “That’s it?” she said. “Lights and noise?” That

wasn’t much, as far as accounts of spiritual activity were concerned.

“I will admit, it’s a more interesting lead now that the Avatar is here.”

Mama cocked her head as if to say your turn now. She obviously anticipated

getting the better end of this exchange.

Could Yangchen trust the White Lotus? And more importantly, did she

need their help? Three bruised men being held against their will said yes.

Her exhaustion, her lack of knowledge about the area, said yes. She

couldn’t let pride be the reason she failed, not at this juncture.

I hope I don’t regret this. “I’m not following up on spiritual business,”

Yangchen said. She told Mama everything she knew about Unanimity.

OceanofPDF.com

TRACES

“This is . . . news,” Mama said as she tried to absorb the salient points.

Yangchen didn’t think she was feigning ignorance. The White Lotus had

been caught unawares by Henshe and Chaisee’s secret project. While Mama

could criticize Yangchen’s recklessness all she wanted, her organization

was several steps behind the Avatar. “What was the name of the ship you

were looking for?”

“The Sunbeam,” Yangchen said.

“Are you sure? I didn’t see any records of a Sunbeam docking here in

the last two months.”

Hmph. At some point during her investigation, Mama must have stolen

a glimpse of some logbooks. Yangchen felt vindicated that her tactics had

merit. But the discrepancy didn’t make sense. “My source verified the

name. Three-masted junk.”

Mama’s response was immediate and reflexive. “And you trust this

source?”

“Yes. Yes, I do.” Yangchen felt more energized now that the food had

taken hold. She decided she’d been too dismissive of Mama’s information.

“Show me the area where the spiritual disturbances were reported.”

“I can do that.” Mama raised her teacup to her lips but then lowered it

before taking a sip. “You mean now? You’ve barely slept!”

Yangchen threw off the blanket and got to her feet. “The night is clear,”

she said. “There’s enough moon. And I’ve told you how I feel about

waiting.”

Whoever Mama was, she had enough influence to walk out of Port Tuugaq

late at night with a guest in tow. She’d waved a pair of passes at the gate

guards but hadn’t even bothered to let Yangchen hold hers.

When they were far enough away, Yangchen whistled for Nujian. She

noted Mama’s ease around the giant bison. They got on and flew farther

inland, over a fresh layer of sugary snow.

“There,” Mama said, pointing at a large hill in the distance.

They landed on the highest point, where one side fell away sharply into

a cliff. The powder reached their knees when they jumped down from

Nujian. Yangchen rubbed her arms as she looked around, first down the

white slope of the hill, and then at the field the cliff sat atop. No tracks since

the snow had fallen.

“Do you sense any spirits?” Mama asked.

Yangchen did not. This area was simply . . . empty. No living creature

born of either world seemed to want it. She wondered what it would be like

to live here, by herself. “Nothing.”

She was going to be the first to give up and propose going back. But a

shadow caught her eye, or rather several of them did. She tilted her head

and peered back at the field. “Do you see those depressions?” she asked.

“Hold on, old eyes,” Mama said. She squinted and frowned. “You mean

those very regularly spaced-out depressions.”

“Like tarts on a tray.” The snow far to the left and right was completely

flat, but here, under the cliff . . .

It was in the way of the landscape she really wanted to see. “Stay

behind Nujian,” Yangchen said. “The winds are about to pick up.” She took

a running start and leaped off the edge of the cliff.

She made sure to fall a bit before slowing her descent with airbending,

twirling herself into a Full Lotus position. If she entered the Avatar State

below the top of the cliff, there’d be less danger to her only bystander. With

the stars above and the snows below, Yangchen closed her eyes and let

herself become suspended, anchorless. Open and vulnerable to the

accumulated power of her past lives.

If future Avatars looked back on this moment, she hoped they wouldn’t

judge her, using their most incredible ability for a bit of cleaning. She swept

the entire field, melting the snow, pushing it aside, riding vortices back and

forth until a job that normally took a season’s change was finished in a few

minutes. Once the gravelly earth underneath was exposed, she touched

down and let the swell of energy wash away. After her battle with Old Iron,

she found the Avatar State easier to summon. But she couldn’t cling to it

any more than a swimmer could grasp a wave.

Yangchen walked through the thawed field, an early springtime of her

own making. The ground was spotted with craters. The largest holes were

as broad as houses and half as deep. And they were all round.

She took a closer look by sliding down into one of the depressions. It

was about as big as a sitting room. Inside the bowl, chunks of gravel had

melted and blackened. The clay underneath had been scooped out by some

great force. A meteor? she thought. A meteor would have fit closely, but

there were no lumps of ore nearby, no deep impact bores in the ground. And

the normal signs of bending, even when fire and earth clashed, didn’t mesh

with her surroundings.

Yangchen heard the trails of a shout and she turned around. Her fellow

investigator waved her hands from the top of the hill, telling her to come

back.

“Staying down there was a waste of time,” Mama said once she’d

returned. “You can read a better story from up here. Look.”

From their high ground, the exposed craters made a series of perfect,

semicircular arcs. One close, one far, one right in the middle, dividing the

distance. “You see those glittering rocks? The ones that don’t look like they

belong?”

From this angle and distance, the moonlight sparkled against small piles

of stones that must have contained reflective mineral. They were regularly

placed, as if to make an imaginary grid, one that narrowed until reaching

the hill as its focal point.

“Those are distance markers,” Mama said. “Siege engineers in the Fire

Nation use them to test slings, crossbows, projectile throwers. Earthbending

soldiers practice on fields like this one so they can get sorted by power and

accuracy.”

“But there’s no war machine in the Four Nations that could have made

those craters,” Yangchen said. “And they don’t look like the results of any

kind of bending I’ve ever seen.”

“I can’t explain everything,” Mama said. “I can only tell you what I

think. And right now, I think this entire place is a target range.”

LAST CHANCES

The Queen of Omashu was a ponderous five-masted junk, built for stability

over speed. Kalyaan had gotten Kavik on board by passing him off as one

of the authorized cargo mates, a member of the crew responsible for the

secure transport of an individual shipment. Kavik had trouble reconciling

how an identity that could pass a harbormaster’s inspection could be thrown

together so quickly, even by a “boss-boss,” until it dawned on him that

Kalyaan had already prepared this cover long ago. For himself. Kavik was

using up his brother’s means to come home.

“I’m sending you back to Bin-Er on the same ship as Unanimity,”

Kalyaan had said. “Henshe’s leaving earlier on a faster vessel and will be

waiting for the drop-off. He has to get it without a hitch, do you

understand? I’m not safe until he does. Afterward, I want you to go home

and take care of Mother and Father. If the Avatar’s team snoops around, I’ll

leave a trail that makes it plausible you were ordered away by the

association.” The lights in his eyes danced faster than ever. “The next few

days could be . . . important. And I’d prefer you were around to protect our

family in case things don’t go according to plan.”

Once the voyage had begun in earnest, Kavik nearly broke down in a

laughing fit. He still didn’t know what Unanimity was; perhaps he never

would. He’d remain in the dark forever, wandering unenlightened.

But down belowdecks, it was painfully obvious that three large wooden

boxes among the many, each about as tall as his head, contained the assets

the Avatar had been searching for this whole time. How could he tell? The

muscle sitting in front of them.

Two men and one woman never left the containers’ sides. They took

their meals by themselves and slept in shifts. They were tall and powerfully

built. Based on their golden eyes, Kavik assumed all three were Fire Nation.

They might have been benders since they carried no weapons, but then

again, he doubted the wisdom of shooting flames inside a wooden ship.

Their size alone would have carried them through plenty of fights.

Kavik tried some small talk when the other crew members weren’t

around, volunteered to be the one who brought them food from the galley—

they ate massive quantities, easily double the rations of the other crew

members. But they were ferociously tight-lipped. The woman’s name was

Yingsu, the bearded man was Xiaoyun, and the guy with the long ears was

Thapa.

They did not want to play Sparrowbones with Kavik as a fourth.

He watched the shores of Bin-Er approach for the second time in his life.

During the first, the harbor had seemed so vast, a wide-open mouth ever

feeding.

But now he was coming at the continent from a different angle. A

bigger ship. And from the top deck, high above the waterline, Kavik noticed

signs of trouble before they got close enough to lower anchor.

Several piers at the far end had burned down to their posts, blackened

stumps sticking out of the water. Warehouse doors that normally would

have been kept wide open during daylight hours had been chained shut.

Men with clubs patrolled the docks, the actual longshoremen eyeing them

warily as they passed.

The shangs must have liked Teiin’s tactics at Gidu Shrine and hired

more headkickers. They’re only catching up to Chaisee’s level, he thought.

The Queen of Omashu was secured to her berth by expert hands moving

around Kavik, who was merely a stone in the river at this point. Hoists and

winches were quickly set up to reach across the deck and pluck cargo from

the hold. He shuffled out of the way, focusing his attention past the

warehouses. There were standoffs occurring all the way down the avenues

leading away from the docks, groups of men and women shouting curses,

chains of people with linked arms, broken wares strewn over the ground, as

if goods had been ambushed and destroyed on their routes deeper into the

city.

What happened while I was gone? he started to ask himself. But then he

realized his surprise was unfounded. He knew very well the wounds Bin-Er

hid under its bandages, and they’d begun to fester.

A team of harbormasters boarded the boat to check clearances. This

arrival had to be as clean as the dishes on the Earth King’s table. Kavik’s

cover, or rather Kalyaan’s, worked flawlessly, and the inspectors paid him

little mind.

He spotted Zongdu Henshe waiting by the unloading area for his prize.

Kavik had seen him at public events around Bin-Er; the word on the street

was that Henshe was basically the shangs’ lapdog. But did it matter how

fearsome his reputation was when he effectively held Kalyaan hostage?

Kavik gritted his teeth and kept out of Henshe’s line of sight.

The three huge guards, wrapped in bulky coats, walked down the

gangplank so they could watch the assets touch down on dry land. They

made a cordon around the unloading area by virtue of existing. Henshe

pressed closer but didn’t address them.

The elevated framework connecting the ship to the dock was completed.

The first Unanimity crate rose from the hold, needing the strength of several

men pulling on the hoist ropes, wooden spars groaning as the box levitated

underneath them, crossing from ship to shore. Kavik held his breath as the

assets made their descent. The final stage of the journey.

And then a small flame shot over his head. Less than a candle’s worth.

If he didn’t know better, he would have believed it came from Yingsu’s

fingers, while everyone was looking elsewhere. He turned around to see a

scorched, glowing wound eating deeper into the line. The hoist juddered

with each skein that gave way.

“Get back!” he and several people cried out at once. There was enough

warning to clear the immediate area, but not to save the cargo. The rope

snapped, and Unanimity fell crashing to the ground.

When the dust cleared, Kavik poked his head over the rail. The shang

men were in motion, screaming and shoving at the frightened dockworkers,

demanding to know where the fire had come from. The crate was destroyed,

its contents piled on the docks. Kavik stared in shock at the great secret,

exposed for all to see.

Unanimity . . . was a pile of stones. Chop seal blanks, to be precise.

That couldn’t—how—

Kavik searched for Henshe in the crowd. The zongdu of Bin-Er was

already walking away with the three shipment guards in tow, using the

distraction to avoid any further notice from the harbormasters. They

rounded the corner of a warehouse and disappeared.

You were so close with the logbook, was what Kalyaan had said.

Shipments have to be escorted by specific crew members during the

voyage, named in advance, was what the Avatar had said.

Henshe hadn’t cared about the physical goods. He’d only wanted a

particular delivery to occur because he needed the people who had been

cleared to travel with it from Jonduri to Bin-Er. They were the assets. They

were Unanimity.

Kavik shouted, incoherent, no plan in his head to form words. His voice

was lost in the din. He ran down the gangplank and ducked through scuffles

escalating into brawls until he reached the point where he’d lost sight of

Henshe and the other three.

But he was too late. They were gone.

OceanofPDF.com

CLARITY

In Bin-Er, the vortex was spinning. The crushing ice closed in, threatening

to smash, skewer anything caught inside. The fracas at the docks was only

the edge of the whirlpool.

Kavik headed deeper into Bin-Er to find that the residents had gone

from crowding the square to blocking the streets with barricades, some

earthbent or frozen into place, others simply construction debris heaped up

high. He learned that night skirmishes had been fought to maintain them

against the shang brutes seeking to unclog the flow of traffic and force

people back to work.

A few arteries through the city remained open to official business, but

everyone expected Earth King Feishan to step in soon. There were reports

of troops marching toward Bin-Er. Comeuppance for the shangs was at

hand, claimed some, gleefully. Others shook their heads in fear at the

prospect of an intervention. Who would the Earth King side with? Did he

even understand there were sides, or would he simply level the city and

start anew?

It was dangerous to cross town, he was warned over and over again by

shop owners through the cracks in the boards they’d nailed over their

windows, by mothers pulling their children back through their doors by the

men and women manning the barricades against the headkickers. Each

time, he gave his thanks and continued on his way over their concerns.

Someone had told him once that he had good moves. He could wriggle his

way through the dangers.

As far as Kavik was concerned, he’d done what his brother had asked.

The Avatar had been sent off to Port Tuugaq, oblivious to his betrayal, and

she’d missed the crucial shipment. Henshe had gotten his due and had no

further reason to threaten Kalyaan.

What was so special about those people that they were worth so much

trouble? At least one of them was a Firebender; likely all three were.

Kavik’s stomach contracted around a stone of uneasiness. He needed to

warn the Avatar of their terrible mistake, that the assets in question were

human beings. Unanimity had slipped past them and was in Bin-Er under

Henshe’s control.

Kalyaan had told him he could play both sides. All was not yet lost. He

had to find a messenger hawk, fast.

“It’s not your fault,” Boma said in the back room of the small inn he was

staying at.

Yangchen had introduced Kavik to her grouchy old advisor before they

departed from Bin-Er, over a cup of tea that was less a proper introduction

and more a chance to memorize each other’s faces. Boma’s frown hadn’t

changed, was still the same flat line chiseled into his block-of-stone

expression, but his gaze was kind and warm. He’d been surprised to see

Kavik come back without the Avatar, but the partial truth sufficed. Kavik

had been forced to accompany the Unanimity shipment by the association,

and now they needed to make the best of a bad scenario.

Boma believed the Avatar’s runner had done a good job under the

circumstances. And why wouldn’t he? Kavik withheld the facts about his

brother and his betrayal. He couldn’t risk Boma shutting him down,

refusing to believe him. A confession might have made the old man react

by apprehending Kavik and sitting tight until further notice from Yangchen.

Precious time would be lost.

He blinked away tears. Boma must have thought he was overcome with

guilt for not being able to stop the shipment. “We have to contact the Avatar

and tell her to come back to Bin-Er as fast as she can,” Kavik said. “She

might still be chasing the wrong leads in Port Tuugaq.”

“I’ll get a hawk to send to Port Tuugaq immediately,” Boma said. “But

what if she’s already left? If she went back to Jonduri, we won’t be able to

get word to her by aerial message; it’s why I couldn’t tell any of you how

bad the situation in Bin-Er was. She could be stuck on the island, waiting

for an update that’ll never come.”

Kavik had an answer for that, just not a good one. “She won’t linger in

Jonduri. If she goes back there, she’ll come straight here after, without

delay. I guarantee it.”

Boma looked uncertain. “Trust me,” Kavik said. “A bird to Port Tuugaq

is what we need to cover our options.”

The old man nodded and got up. He retrieved a small tube and a

miniature scroll from a satchel, along with ink and a fine brush.

“I’ll leave you to it while I go arrange for the hawk,” he said, handing

Kavik the supplies. “Write small.”

Boma didn’t even check the message Kavik had written before sending the

hawk. Trust me. He’d kept making the demand, and it kept working.

Kavik stayed at the inn over the next few days, unable to go home and

face his parents. Boma did him another kindness and checked up on them;

they were okay for now. Safe. Still laboring under the impression that their

youngest son was training with the Avatar.

During his time there, he slept fitfully through daylight hours, leaving

only to scout the city for Unanimity. He was trying to rid himself of the

conclusion that he’d done everything he could. Waiting made him feel

helpless. Hadn’t that been the origin of his troubles? The source of every

decision he’d made? He’d come back to the one place he didn’t want to be

and now he was waiting for the Avatar, waiting for the city’s time to run

out, waiting for something to shatter.

When he couldn’t take it anymore one night, he tried to reach the last

remaining presence in Bin-Er who could have granted him some stability.

The person who was bedrock, who had certainly weathered great troubles in

decades past. He went to visit Mama Ayunerak.

Only to be told at her door that she wasn’t there. She’d left the city.

In a daze, Kavik stumbled around her building to the trash pile where he

kept the loose brick with his house key. His feet had carried him out of

habit. He began to cry, haltingly and without tears, as if part of him still had

to be uncommitted, even in his deepest despair. He whispered a hoarse

request to the air above for any kind of relief.

He must have been heard by the spirits. And the skies had judged him

harshly, because they answered with a blooming ball of flame and a

thunderclap that knocked him to his hands and knees.

A whine in his ears. Scorching air licked thTHE NUMBERS GAME

In Kavik’s opinion, having to drink tea with someone you didn’t like was

one of life’s sharpest little unpleasantries. The rituals, the waiting, the

pouring for your partner, all hinged around patterns of polite conversation

or meditative, cooperative silence. When you didn’t want the company, it

got awkward.

He and Jujinta sat at a table laid out in front of a tea stall that faced the

main warehouse row of Jonduri. In the last vestiges of daylight, the outlines

of the city were black on a pink sky. They’d ordered the cheapest tea and

the largest jug of hot water, so they weren’t close to finishing yet.

Pppppphpphp.

To add to Kavik’s suffering, Jujinta was the type of monster who drank

with pursed lips, sucking in air along with the liquid, making noises like a

clogged straw. Kavik tried following each sip of Jujinta’s with one of his

own in the hopes that the Fire National would have an epiphany and realize

you didn’t need to be loud when drinking, but it was futile.

Phpphpppppphppp.

They’d managed not to talk to each other the whole time until now, but

Kavik broke and decided words were a lesser evil than the slurping.

“What’s your deal?” he asked.

Jujinta finally put his cup down, thank the spirits. “What do you mean?”

Why do you work for the association? Why don’t you have a topknot?

What’ s up with the rituals you perform at the safe house? “Just making

conversation.”

“I don’t have much of a story,” Jujinta said, staring across the street. His

manner of speaking was the opposite of a Jonduri intonation: slow, flat,

evenly paced where it might have been more natural to change tempo.

“After committing a crime, I left my family behind to go seek forgiveness

from the spirits. Jonduri is where I ended up. The association keeps me fed,

but that’s it. I have no great love for our employers, or our compatriots.”

That much was obvious. “What did you do that was so bad?”

Jujinta raised his teacup back to his lips. “I murdered my brother.”

Kavik couldn’t find anything to say after that.

The sun finished setting behind the mountains. There wasn’t time for

him to decide how he felt about partnering with a kinslayer, if Jujinta was

indeed telling the truth. Over by the vendor selling grilled meats, four men,

association members all, tossed aside their bamboo skewers and got up

from their bench. Another three men walking around the corner merged

with them to form a single group. Jujinta plunked down a few coins for the

tea and got up to follow them.

He’d overpaid, but that was okay, because Kavik needed to steal the jug.

He plucked the large clay vessel off the table and tucked it under his arm. It

turned out the rules in Jonduri didn’t let people walk around with massive

quantities of water without a good reason, which Kavik found blatantly

unfair when Firebenders could produce their element and Earthbenders

were nearly always walking on it.

Then again, constantly lugging around enough liquid for combat got

tiring quickly. Better Waterbenders could make do with less, a single

drinking skin’s worth maybe, but if Kavik knew he was heading toward

trouble, he liked to have as much as he could carry.

People should know the weight of water, the Avatar had said. Kavik was

intimately familiar with it, thank you very much. He cooled the pitcher

down to lukewarm—he wasn’t a monster, after all—and fell in at the rear of

the group. The raid had begun.

“I don’t like this,” Kavik said. “I’m not a headkicker.”

A few days before, he and Jujinta had gotten their next job from Tael. A

simple task. They were to go inside a certain warehouse near the docks at a

certain time with a few other association members and “emphatically

vacate” anyone they found inside. If folks got roughed up in the process, all

the better.

That was about as much detail as low-level runners tended to get. But

Kavik had followed the older members around the association safe house,

learned how to play Sparrowbones and intentionally lost to them the money

that Akuudan and Tayagum reluctantly provided, wheedled out of them the

details of their own tasks for that night. The information he brought back to

Yangchen formed a much more complete picture when combined with her

knowledge.

“You’re going to have to do it,” Yangchen said. “Based on what we

know, your group is hitting the primary storage facility for goods going

from Jonduri to Bin-Er. Unanimity is most likely inside that very

warehouse.”

“Do you remember what we said about the city’s loading crews being

unhappy?” Akuudan said, leaning over a rough map of the city he’d drawn

himself. “Matters have come to a head. They’ve staged lockdowns of the

warehouses used for sorting and rearranging shipments coming in and out

of the harbor. The queues inside are growing and growing, the cargo just

sitting there. Shipments that should have gone out days ago, shipments that

aren’t scheduled to go out for weeks. All there.”

“Outbound shipments are inspected by harbormasters before they’re

allowed to leave port, and harbormasters report to their local head of state,”

Yangchen said. “To get past the checks, goods must come from their

appointed storage spaces and go through their scheduled docks to get

loaded onto certain ships. Sometimes they even have to be escorted by

specific crew members during the voyage, named in advance. Chaisee

follows the post–Platinum Affair security agreements down to the

brushstroke and does not let anyone play around with side shipments.”

Kavik stared at her. She caught him doing it and blushed. “What?”

“I don’t understand how an Air Nomad is this familiar with the rules of

commerce.”

Yangchen shrugged. “I was an accountant in a past life.”

Funny, Kavik had been one too. The Avatar went on with the plan.

“Once you’re inside, your goal is going to be the logbook,” she said. “It