Title: Part of the dif ficulty was remembering her own lies. Concocted events were like a vision she had to force herself into having, unlike the ones that (Part 9)

skill; he just likes to hurt people. He can’ t handle a real battle where he faces losing.”
Kavik took Y angchen’ s hand. “I’ve said I hated Bin-Er in the past, and maybe that’ s still true. But it’ s my city whether I like it or not, and I’m not
going to let its people be robbed by a thief who doesn’ t even need the money . Didn’ t you tell me once that we have to fight for complete strangers
as hard as we do for our friends?”
It wasn’ t like him to make grand gestures. Y angchen halfheartedly tried to pull her arm back, but his grip remained firm. Kavik gently spread
her fingers and put them on his neck, over his pulse. His heartbeat was as slow and steady as the changing of the seasons. He moved closer .
“Have faith in me,” he said, staring into her eyes so she could see his pupils. “I can beat him.”
He was telling the truth. Or at least he believed so with all his heart.
Yangchen grunted and looked away . “Your skin is clammy .”
“I know . I had to wait for that too.”
They made sure to start—and hide—their ar gument well before reentering the parlor .
You had to show off, didn’ t you! Had to look like a big man and get my glider back!
Well excuse me for trying to defend your honor!
An embarrassed couple would speak in whispers, so they kept their voices low . Yangchen found it ironic how their fake quarrel had nearly the
exact same content as their real one.
It was just a run of bad luck; I can come back fr om this with a few hands. Please. I’m begging you. The tr easur es Chief Oyaluk gave you;
those ar e easily worth at least five mor e rounds —
The best answer here was no answer . Yangchen slid the door open again, signaling the end of the protest. A sullen, hangdog pair they made.
“My friends, I don’ t think we can play any further ,” Yangchen said through her forced grin. She remained standing at the threshold, as if she wanted to
bolt right now . “Consider this our declaration of surrender .”

A high-risk trap. If Iwashi acquiesced and sent them on their way ,
they’d be utterly sunk. “I can give you credit,” he said. “I’m sure you’re good for it.”
Kavik began to speak, but Y angchen elbowed him in the side. “Thank you very much but no. The temple elders always warned us not to gamble. I
think this has been the perfect cautionary tale.”
“What if I paid out gold to your silver?” Iwashi said.
The surprise that followed was genuine. They’d wanted to raise the stakes, but neither of them had considered Iwashi would go so far . He’s not
putting himself at risk in his mind , Yangchen thought. He latched on to his opponent’ s hope and wants to inflict mor e pain .
Thanks to her earlier lapse, the zongdus knew what Y angchen looked like when she froze; she did her best to give them another show . In contrast,
Kavik acted as quickly as a drowning man reaching for driftwood. “Yes!”
he said. “Y es. Y our sportsmanship is appreciated.” He raced back to his seat and motioned to Y angchen hopefully .
He did “hapless desperation” so well. If Y angchen didn’ t know better ,
she might believe Kavik’ s greatest desire in the world really was to redeem himself in her eyes. She sat down furiously , if such a thing were possible.
Chaisee gave her an almost sisterly headshake, the kind of warning a woman gave to her junior . Your funeral .
The four of them pushed their tiles back in once more for the shuf fle.
Yangchen chewed on her lip. They could still lose, even with the knowledge that Iwashi was cheating, even with the advantage he’d spotted them. They
built the pyramid again. She was sorely tempted to monitor Iwashi and catch the motions she’d missed earlier , but if she stared too intently at his
hands or avoided them in excess, she might signal they were onto him.
A flashing sensation like a needle’ s touch, there and gone. She almost turned her head to chase it. What was that?
A stack collapsed and tiles spilled toward Iwashi’ s edge of the table, a miniature landslide. “Foul,” Kavik called out. “Y our losses are doubled this
round.”
“I’m aware of the penalty for upsetting the trove, Master Lio, thank you,” Iwashi snapped. He looked flustered as he shook out his wrists. They
restacked the tiles.

There it was again, the familiar pull, this time on Kavik’ s side. A broad smear instead of a dot.
Suddenly it dawned on her . Yangchen glanced at her partner . Kavik’ s frown of concentration revealed nothing.
“Have you two been able to enjoy the nightlife yet?” Chaisee asked.
“I’ve been falling asleep at sundown, but T aku is a wonderful city for the young.”
That kind of question would have normally come from their host.
“Erm, yes,” Y angchen said. “W e saw a shadow play . The Lost Slipper .”
“I didn’ t care for it,” Kavik said without looking up.
Until now , he had assiduously stayed out of the conversation. His lack of rank combined with his massive losses made keeping his opinions to
himself the fitting choice. The corner of Chaisee’ s mouth turned up in interest. “Oh? That’ s one of the few plays with any maturity and realism.”
“The poor man dies in the street and the evil minister trips over the corpse, embarrassing himself in front of the king,” Kavik said. “Is that
supposed to be a satisfying, ironic ending? I hate tales like that. Why is the humiliation of the strong considered a good enough trade for the lives of the
weak?”
Iwashi still had no comment to give. Maybe he hadn’ t heard them at all. His teeth were exposed in rage at the state of his starting tiles. A fair
draw isn’ t as much fun, is it? Yangchen thought.
“Such is the nature of the world, young Master Lio,” Chaisee said.
“Barring a freak occurrence, power consolidates. It doesn’ t disperse.” She took her last tile. So did Y angchen.
That left Kavik as the last person to complete his starting hand. He picked up his tile and lifted his thumb to see the design underneath. “I
suppose that’ s why I’ve stuck with this game through ups and downs.
Everyone starts on equal footing.”
Kavik used the piece he was holding to knock over the rest of his tiles in a sweeping cascade, as smoothly as if he were strumming a chord on a
zither . “Feast,” he said. “Flight of Returning Swallow-moths . Ten thousand base points, doubled for self-drawn, doubled for my first turn, then doubled
once again on Zongdu Iwashi for his trove penalty .”
Chaisee whistled. The Zongdu of T aku trembled, mustered himself,
and grinned. “Congratulations on your luck finally arriving.”

Luck had nothing to do with it. For a brief instant Kavik had frozen some of the tiles together using his own sweat and the ambient humidity in
the room. Not enough to stick them like glue and leave evidence of what he’d done, but just enough to make Iwashi botch his sleight of hand.
The same subtle waterbending technique let Kavik manipulate the pile as it was rebuilt by sticking the ivory surfaces to his frosted skin. Had she
not been able to waterbend herself, Y angchen would have never noticed him arranging his own victory .
They had to keep playing. Kavik was right; they had to keep their opponent at the table. They weren’ t out of the hole yet. “Thank you for the
lesson about flow , Zongdu Iwashi,” he said. “I think the currents are about to change.”
If Kavik’ s floundering act was good, his punch-me-in-the-face arrogance was masterful. Iwashi tightened up like a sea prune in vinegar .
“We’ll see,” he said, his once-dripping flowery speech trimmed down to the bare minimum.
Yangchen needed to do her part in annoying their host to the point of committing murder . She and her partner were a team, after all. “Can you be
a dear and fetch the waiter?” she said to Iwashi. She smiled sweetly and pointed at his drink. “I’d like one of those. W ith a slice of lemon.”
Iwashi unbuttoned the top of his collar and ran his finger around his neck.
“Hot as the blasted Fire Nation in here,” he complained.
That was Y angchen’ s doing. Once she understood how slippery tiles were to Kavik’ s advantage, she’d increased the temperature in the room
steadily . Even Chaisee dabbed at her temples with a kerchief. Perhaps another Firebender could have caught the A vatar in the act, but hey . It was
good to be special sometimes.
Her turn. She could push for a quick, certain win on this round but at the expense of landing a knockout blow . While thinking about it, she took a
sip from her drink.
Her lips met solid ice. Kavik had frozen the contents of her cup. Don’ t end, he was telling her . He had something better up his sleeve.

A bead of sweat on the back of her neck pulsed, goosing her skin and nearly making her yelp. She scowled at Kavik, but he pressed on her with
waterbending again, then once more. Give me a thr ee tile .
Yangchen palmed a three of mountains—Iwashi wasn’ t the only one who could perform sleight of hand—rubbed some condensation from her
drink on the back and flicked it under the table at Kavik.
He wasn’ t ready . The panic in his eyes subsided only once he realized she’d frozen the tile to his trousers. He squinted at her for taking the
unnecessary risk.
“Oh, would you two stop making eyes at each other and just play?”
Iwashi snarled.
Yangchen laid down her discard. “Apologies. This is a big hand, isn’ t it? If Lio wins with any double, he gets back everything we’ve bet so far
and the points dif ference in gold ingots. Bin-Er could have eight wells instead of four .”
“Or a spectacular Grave-T idying Festival of its own,” Chaisee helpfully suggested. “Y ou made yours sound so nice.”
The teasing had bored fully into Iwashi’ s head. He wavered over his discard before selecting a five-leaf, the safest option according to the
information available on the table. Even Y angchen could sense his capitulation.
“It almost pains me to do this,” Kavik said. “ Feast. Swor ds in the
Armory , eight thousand eight hundred—”
“I know how many points it’ s worth!” Iwashi shouted. He was so frazzled he leaned over and swept all the tiles back into the pool before
Kavik could show of f his winning combination. For all anyone knew , he could have been making up his claim to victory . “Again!”
“Iwashi, maybe we should stop,” Chaisee said. “A wise player knows when to quit.”
“We’re not stopping in the middle of a r otation!”
The Zongdu of Jonduri rubbed her forehead. “Y ou said that two rotations ago.” The shame and embarrassment her peer should have been
feeling was bouncing of f him and striking her .
Yangchen looked at Kavik. There was always this risk, too, of becoming trapped in a vortex of money flowing back and forth to no end.
That was why the signal they’d settled on with the rest of the team was one

that could not be ignored. “Do I smell smoke?” Kavik said. He sniffed the

air. “Does anyone else smell smoke?”

“Look!” Yangchen pointed out the window. Down by the docks, a

thick column of black smoke rose from the largest wooden object in the

waters. The

Bliss Eternal
, now ablaze.

The game was officially over. So was the mission. And Yangchen

discovered that when it came to screaming, Iwashi was almost as good as

she was.

ANONYMITY
Yangchen and Kavik left the meeting hall in solemn silence. It didn’ t feel right to celebrate when their host was so clearly devastated.
But before they left, Kavik did make a point of taking Y angchen’ s glider -staff off Iwashi’ s wall, carefully closing the wings, and presenting it
back to her with his own two hands. And then, in another show of gallantry ,
he tried to give Chaisee back her pearl.
She’d refused. “T o the winner go the spoils. A vatar , hang on tight to your companion. A worthy partner comes by once in a generation.”
In the street, Kavik of fered Y angchen his elbow , his face serenely happy . Their cover allowed the gesture, and so they linked arms under the
setting sun.
The lanterns went up for the city’ s night market. They’d already seen most of T aku’s entertainments yesterday , so the only stop they made was to
boo the ending of The Lost Slipper so loudly that the puppet handler quickly improvised an alternate outcome where the dead hero was revived by a kind
passing doctor and the evil minister dedicated his life and fortune to repenting. The audience clapped much harder than last night.
Once they reached an alley , they split and broke for the safe house in separate directions. Y angchen began her tail-throwing routine slowly ,
sticking with ordinary turns, but soon she picked up the pace, darting through shadows and leaping over fences. She felt the need to outdo Kavik
even though he couldn’ t see her . She hadn’ t been lying when she’d complimented his moves in Bin-Er .
Her glider justified the extra flourishes, the vaults, the leaps. She’d missed its balancing weight, the sense of security in her hands. When she
approached the safe house, she twirled herself to the roof entrance with the wings collapsed in staf f form for the sheer joy of the unnecessarily dif ficult
feat.

As she let herself in through the hatch, she heard Kavik entering on the ground floor . She ran down the stairs and met him in the hallway . He must
have taken an athletic route home as well, because he was breathing as heavily as she was. They squared of f and drank in each other ’s grins, their
faces flushed and glowing, no words to bridge them.
Yangchen broke the stalemate. She threw her arm around Kavik’ s neck and yanked him into a headlock. “W e did it!” she crowed, mussing his hair
as hard as she could. “ You did it! Y ou utter fool! I can’ t believe you pulled it off!”
Kavik whooped and lifted her into the air , a skilled wrestler ’s counter .
“Tell me you saw his face when you pointed out the boat! I’ll cry if you say you missed it!”
He spun her round and round while they laughed. A fall backward would have been ugly , but what did they care? Not only had the mission
gone right for once, but they’d won their city enough money to put its troubles at bay for a good long while. Y angchen was still squeezing Kavik
in glee when the door opened again and Akuudan walked through.
He peered at them. “Y ou need to grip him lower under the chin or he won’ t pass out,” he said to Y angchen.
“Like this!” Tayagum said, appearing next. He leaped onto Akuudan’ s back and snaked his arm af fectionately around the bigger man’ s collar .
Akuudan kept a stern face up but made sure to support his husband’ s weight while glaring at Kavik, presumably for touching the A vatar .
“I take it your end of the mission went well,” Y angchen said.
“Buttery smooth,” T ayagum said as he got down.
Kavik snorted. “Y ou took your sweet time.”
“We finished within parameters.” Akuudan pulled out a roll of notes; it would contain a copy of the ledgers Y angchen had instructed them to search
for. “Not only did we have to impersonate the resupply crew , but we had to pick several locks, stay ahead of the roving maintenance shift, hide in a
bulkhead, and make the arson look like an accident.”
Now that Y angchen saw it, the two men’ s clothes were torn, stained,
and a little sooty . They’d been through an ordeal. “Felt positively young again,” T ayagum said with a big grin. “Y ou, on the other hand, just sat your
lazy behind in a chair and played a game for a few hours. My grandmother could have performed your half of the mission.”

Yangchen wanted to correct him after everything they’d been through at Sparrowbones, but it was cute watching Kavik sputter in indignation.
“Where’ s Jujinta?” she asked.
“Here.” Jujinta shut the neglected door behind him with an accusing click. “I finished the tail sweep. W e weren’ t followed. T o my knowledge.”
He looked around and Y angchen could tell he was bothered by the jovial mood, how close each pair stood to each other . “Did everyone have
fun?” he asked. “W as that a requirement I missed?”
“Hey , come on.” Y angchen reached out and took Jujinta’ s hand while holding on to Kavik’ s. The former partners could barely stand the
secondhand contact and tried to pull away , but she stood firm, an anchor with many chains.
“We’re a team,” she reminded them. The auras of sheer loathing the two boys had for each other clashed in the middle like a storm front, with
eddies of mild disdain from the older men toward Kavik thrown in for good measure. But who better to ride the invisible swells than her? “W e put aside
our dif ferences and work together because … because …”
Her attempt at a rallying speech faltered. She couldn’ t say that in contrast to the zongdus they acted without self-interest, not with Kavik as