Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 12)

The landing was gentler . All their feet touched down at the same time.
Kavik’ s heart pounded in his chest. “You can let go of me now,” Yangchen said.
When Kavik realized he was embracing the Avatar tightly he flushed with heat and jerked backward. She made no effort to tease him and put her
outer robes back on, adjusting the high collar and smoothing the orange sleeves as if she needed to look presentable.
She didn’ t follow immediately with the plain cloak that had served as her disguise. “Guard me,” she said, before Kavik could point out the danger
of someone identifying her . “Look out for anyone coming.”
Avatar Yangche n stood on the cliff, out in the open, and began to perform her duties. Chanting in remembrance of the dead.
Kavik kept watch as she spoke to the sea. The Water Tribe had their own spiritual customs for the deceased, but he’d seen an Air Nomad lead a
funeral processio n through the streets of Bin-Er once before. He recognized the way her single voice split into many , nose accompanying throat
harmonizing with tongue to say the rites. After a few repetitions, she made a marked shift into lilting, high- pitched notes, a beautiful, wordless song he
didn’ t know .
Yangchen’ s rich voice gave the melody a powerful foundation, until she let it trail away into the wind. “A Nanyan mourning lament at the end, for
Sidao,” she explained. “The best I could do for Sidao. Where was Qiu from?”
“I don’t know .” Kavik blinked and found there were tears in his eyes.
“Someplace warm. He didn’ t want to be cold anymore; that’s why he left
Bin-Er .”
His sniffling became a shudder . “I didn’ t even know him that well. He was just . . . he was just some guy, right? No one important. But he had to
have had parents. Maybe brothers and sisters. And I made him disappear .”
He felt a stead ying hand on his shoulder . “I saw him with you,”
Yangchen said gently . “And that means he hasn’ t disappeared. If he’ s part of my memories, then as strange as it is to think, there’ s a slim chance an
Avatar of future generations will understand who Qiu was, through me.”
Kavik was comf orted by the fact that the lowly could at least have this one place in history beside the exalted. “I don’t know why I’m acting like
this.” He wiped his face with the back of his wrist. “W e weren’ t that close.”

“You don’t have to be close to someone to know they deserve better ,”
Yangchen said. “That’ s what being the Avatar is about. That’ s what being a companion of the Avatar is about. We fight for people we’ve never met and
never will.”
The weight of her words was a comfort where it could have been a burden. “Am I one of your comp anions?” Kavik said. He knew what they’d
told his parents, but it wasn’ t the same thing. “I mean, am I really?”
Yangchen smiled. “Most of the world thinks I dictate who serves me and who doesn’ t, when nothing could be further from the truth. You’re
asking me if you’re my companion? The choice is yours, Kavik. And it always has been.”
It had taken a while, but Kavik finally understood. “I know what I
choose,” he said to the A vatar .
OceanofPDF .com

THE NUMBERS GAME
In Kavik’ s opinion, having to drink tea with someone you didn’ t like was one of life’s sharpest little unpleasantries. The rituals, the waiting, the
pouring for your partner , all hinged around patterns of polite conversation or meditative, cooperative silen ce. When you didn’ t want the company , it
got awkward.
He and Jujinta sat at a table laid out in front of a tea stall that faced the main warehouse row of Jonduri. In the last vestiges of daylight, the outlines
of the city were black on a pink sky. They’d ordered the cheapest tea and the lar gest jug of hot water , so they weren’ t close to finishing yet.
Pppppphpphp.
To add to Kavik’ s suffering, Jujinta was the type of monster who drank with pursed lips, sucking in air along with the liquid, making noises like a
clogged straw . Kavik tried follo wing each sip of Jujinta’ s with one of his own in the hopes that the Fire National would have an epiphany and realize
you didn’ t need to be loud when drinking, but it was futile.
Phpphpppppphppp.
They’d managed not to talk to each other the whole time until now, but
Kavik broke and decided words were a lesser evil than the slurping.
“What’ s your deal?” he asked.
Jujinta finally put his cup down, thank the spirits. “What do you mean?”
Why do you work for the assoc iation? Why don’t you have a topknot?
What’ s up with the rituals you perform at the safe house? “Just making conversation.”
“I don’t have much of a story ,” Jujinta said, staring across the street. His manner of speaking was the opposite of a Jonduri intonation: slow, flat,
evenly paced where it might have been more natural to change tempo.
“After committing a crime, I left my family behind to go seek forgiveness from the spirits. Jonduri is where I ended up. The association keeps me fed,
but that’ s it. I have no great love for our employers, or our compatriots.”

That much was obvious. “What did you do that was so bad?”
Jujinta raised his teacup back to his lips. “I murdered my brother .”
Kavik couldn’ t find anything to say after that.
The sun finished setting behind the mountains. There wasn’ t time for him to decide how he felt about partnering with a kinslayer , if Jujinta was
indeed telling the truth. Over by the vendor selling grilled meats, four men,
association members all, tossed aside their bamboo skewers and got up from their bench. Another three men walking around the corner merged
with them to form a single group. Jujinta plunked down a few coins for the tea and got up to follow them.
He’d overpaid, but that was okay , because Kavik needed to steal the jug.
He plucked the large clay vessel off the table and tucked it under his arm. It turned out the rules in Jonduri didn’t let people walk around with massive
quantities of water without a good reason, which Kavik found blatantly unfair when Firebenders could produce their element and Earthbenders
were nearly always walking on it.
Then again, constantly lugging around enough liquid for combat got tiring quickly . Better Waterbenders could make do with less, a single
drinking skin’ s worth maybe, but if Kavik knew he was heading toward trouble, he liked to have as much as he could carry .
People should know the weight of water , the A vatar had said. Kavik was intimately familiar with it, thank you very much. He cooled the pitcher
down to lukewarm—he wasn’ t a monster , after all—and fell in at the rear of the group. The raid had begun.
“I don’ t like this,” Kavik said. “I’m not a headkicker .”
A few days before, he and Jujint a had gotten their next job from Tael. A
simple task. They were to go inside a certain warehouse near the docks at a certain time with a few other association members and “emphatically
vacate” anyone they found inside. If folks got roughed up in the process, all the better .
That was about as much detail as low-level runners tended to get. But
Kavik had followed the older members around the association safe house,
learned how to play Sparrowbon es and intentionally lost to them the money that Akuudan and Tayagum reluctantly provided, wheedled out of them the

details of their own tasks for that night. The information he brought back to
Yangchen formed a much more complete picture when combined with her knowledge.
“You’re going to have to do it,” Yangchen said. “Based on what we know , your group is hitting the primary storage facility for goods going
from Jonduri to Bin-Er . Unanimity is most likely inside that very warehouse.”
“Do you remember what we said about the city’s loading crews being unhappy?” Akuudan said, leaning over a rough map of the city he’d drawn
himself. “Matters have come to a head. They’ve staged lockd owns of the warehouses used for sorting and rearranging shipments coming in and out
of the harbor . The queues inside are growing and growing, the cargo just sitting there. Shipments that should have gone out days ago, shipments that
aren’ t scheduled to go out for weeks. All there.”
“Outbound shipments are inspected by harbormasters before they’re allowed to leave port, and harbormasters report to their local head of state,”
Yangchen said. “To get past the checks, goods must come from their appointed storage spaces and go through their scheduled docks to get
loaded onto certain ships. Sometimes they even have to be escorted by specific crew members during the voyage, named in advance. Chaisee
follows the post–Platinum Affair security agreements down to the brushstroke and does not let anyone play around with side shipments.”
Kavik stared at her . She caught him doing it and blushed. “What?”
“I don’t understa nd how an Air Nomad is this familiar with the rules of commerce.”
Yangchen shrugged. “I was an accountant in a past life.”
Funny , Kavik had been one too. The Avatar went on with the plan.
“Once you’re inside, your goal is going to be the logbook,” she said. “It contains all of the warehouse information I just mentioned: ship names,
handler names, cargo contents, provenance, weights, buyer names,
destinations. With that level of information in our possession, we’ll be able to identify Unanimity and intercept it in transit. Without the book, we won’ t
have any way to tell what’ s inside those crates, barring a guide d tour from
Chaisee herself.”
“I wish we had some clue, any clue, to help us narrow the possibilities down,” Kavik grumbled. Unanimity remained a frustrating blank, a

complete void in their knowledge.
Yangchen looke d like she’d been saving her retort since dinner with his parents. “It’s nice to want things,” she said, battin g her eyelashes at him,
fanning pure sarcasm in his direction.
He deserved that.
“You’ll want to move fast,” Tayagum added. “If a fight breaks out,
everyone’ s going to be trying to secure that logbook. Since the goods can’t move without the records, whoever ’s holding them at the end of the night
will have all the negotiating power .”
Yangchen pressed a small wooden cylinder with a lanyard into Kavik’ s hand. “T o keep you safe.”
“Is this a spiritual token?” Kavik asked as he looped it around his neck.
“It’s a bison whistle,” Yangchen said. “Keyed to Nujian. Blow on it if you get into trouble and he’ll hear it; the range should be effective for most
of the island. He and I will come to your exact location.”
“But if I do that, it’s mission over,” Kavik said. “Not just for the raid tonight, but the whole thing. Jonduri. Unanimity .” The Avatar flying in to
rescue him on her bison would be the most spectacular way to blow his cover in the world, but it would still be blown cover .
“I’m not sending you in withou t an extraction plan. What did I tell you about losing friends?”
Right. But as touched as he was, his safety wasn’ t the issue. “I know I
have to do this,” he said. “But it still feels wrong. I’d be going in there to scrap with a work crew . We’re talking about ordinary folks who just want a
better deal. These are—”
“These are the exact people I should be helping,” Yangchen said bitterly . “I know . And I can’t. If I make contact with them, Chaisee will
suspect we’re circling around that warehouse, and she’ll take extra precautions. And I’m also supposed to be reeling from having my two
‘spies’ taken away from me. For this double beat to work, Chaisee has to believe the A vatar ’s been beaten.”
This was costing her, Kavik thought as she hung her head over the planning table they’d set up in the inn. When they’d first met, he thought
she rather enjoyed deception. But now that he knew her better , he could see the daylight widening through her seams.
“Jujinta’ s probably going to love this mission,” Kavik muttered.

“Yes. Tell us more about this partner of yours,” Y angchen said.
Kavik explained everything he’d observed about the knife thrower ,
including his obsessive spiritual ity. In the association safe hous e, he’d seen
Jujinta whisper to himself or kneel in a corner so many times that Kavik was able to draw for Yangchen a passable recreation of the symbol he
worshipped.
“Interesting,” she said. “Do you think the boy is going to be trouble?”
Kavik remembe red Shigoro rolling around the floor , bleeding from his arm. He vaguely remembered Jujinta guiding him through the body disposal
process. It was too late to do anything about his partner now but cope.
“Nothing I can’ t handle,” Kavik said.
“What’ s the count inside?” Jujinta asked as they crossed the street.
“Should be five right now, give or take,” said their leader , a gaunt Earth
Kingdom transplant named Pang who was missing his bottom front teeth,
knocked out in some long-ago fight. “They’ve had people coming in and out over the course of the past couple days. Tael said they won’t be at full
strength tonight.”
The association had nine people in their group, including Jujinta and
Kavik. Two to one. Kavik did not like how a sense of satisfaction threatened to creep up his spine , being a member of a large pack about to
overpower a smaller one. At least the stacked odds meant the association wouldn’ t need Kavik to subdue the people inside. He could split off from
the group and search for the logbook.
They came to the warehouse front. Pang raised his foot and kicked open the workers’ entrance, snapping the latch. He ducked inside, the rest of
them following close behind. Kavik briefly wondered why the door hadn’ t been barricaded, but if the workers had to leave in shifts for food and rest, it
made sense that they wouldn’ t block their own passage.
The bigger question was why there were no guards posted. The interior lamps, placed high along the walls at regular intervals to shorten the
shadows, had all been lit. Stack s of wooden crates, some of them so large they could only have been dragged with winches, formed towers reaching
twice as tall as a person, the smallest boxes neatly placed edge to edge on

top, creating sheer faces down the sides. A moat of empty space surrounded each little castle.
He craned his head to the ceiling almost involuntarily , the way Tael had smugly observed. There was water above him, rainwater contained in a
giant thin-walled metal tank. At first, he thought it would surely be too foul to drink, but then realized it was probably meant to be used for putting out
fires inside the warehouse. With so much of his element nearby he felt a little bit like a sap for bringing his own.
The workers were nowhere to be seen. Pang made a sucking noise through the gap in his teeth. “They must have got spooked and hid between
the crates. Gonna be a blaste d kid’s game, chasing them around an orchard.”
“Nah, Sifu,” came a voice from the other end of the building. “We’re right here. And I think we’ll do the chasing.” A man stepped out from
behind the boxes. And then another . And another . The line of workers kept growing.
“Their group is, uh, bigger than ours,” Kavik said.
Not only did they have more people, but each member of the warehouse crew was huge, nearly the size of Akuudan, with thick necks and knotted
forearms. Ah, right, Kavik thought. These guys lifted heavy cargo for a living.
One of the association members angrily jostled Pang in the elbow . “You said there were five!”
“Tael said there were five!”
“This is five fives!”
Indeed. Two dozen very large, very angry workers stood across from them. A better example of why one needed to pay up for a good errand
runner could not have been devised. Intelligence mattered. In all his Bin-Er jobs, Kavik had taken care to get his numbers right.
The warehouse crew , many of whom bore a family resemblance to each other , stepped forward and bellowed, sticking out their tongues and
showing the whites of their eyes.
“We’re not leaving,” Pang said to his own men. “You want to explain to the boss-boss that you turned tail and ran, go ahead, but if you think for one
second that—Hey!”

There was no one standing behind him. Two of the association members were already trying the door, but it had been closed and barred again, this
time from the outside. Kavik slipped out of the way between the nearest crates, giving him a perfect framed view of Pang getting absolutely
demolished by a running shoulder tackle from a man twice his weight.
He zigzagged through the alley s of the warehouse, trying to get to the back. Both to see if there was another exit and to get closer to the area
where the logbook would be stored. If the office had interior locks, he wasn’ t above bolting himself inside to wait out the worker ’s ire.
A bright flash lit up the rafters, and he heard the telltale foom of air split by flame. Firebending had broken out; he wasn’ t sure by which side.
Distracted by the noise and light, he nearly ran into the waiting arms of the man blocking his path.
“Where you going, Sifu?” said the hulking worker .
The other way. But when Kavik turned to look, he saw another man had stepped into the lane behind him.
“You carrying drinks for the party?” said the second guy, motioning at the vessel Kavik was still clinging onto. “Cause I’m already thirsty .”
Both of the workers laughed, but the first one cut his chuck le short when he realized why someone would be awkwardly hauling a container of
liquid around. “W ait.”
Kavik flung the entire jug without emptying it at the guy in front of him.
A whirl of his arms accelerated the water inside, and the heavy missile slammed into his target’s gut hard enough to shatter the clay. The man
gasped and collapsed to the ground, clutching his stomach.
Sorry . With a pull to match the push, Kavik yanked on the wate r,
leaving the clay shards behind—because again, he wasn’ t a monster—and whipped a speeding blob back the other way .
The second guy hunched over and held his forearms crossed in front of his face, hoping his toughness and bulk would protect him. But brawlers
went high. Wrestlers went low. Kavik lowered the angle of his flying water and knocked the man’ s feet out from under him. The poor worker took a
hard landing on the hard floor and didn’ t get up, only groaned and reached for a helping hand that wasn’ t there. Sorry .
Kavik brought the water close to himself and cradled it into a sphere,
Grasping the Bird’ s Tail. Tayagum had laughed at him earlier for admitting

to losing fights. But he didn’ t lose every fight.
The logbook. The important documents would be in the back . Every building in Jonduri had its corner office, he reasoned. Kavik crept through
the intersections , slowly weaving his element around himself, keeping it in motion, so he could strike with it at a moment’ s notice.
The sound of snapping lumber made him pause. He peeked around the corner and almost got an eye taken out by a flying splinter .
Four men had trapped Jujint a by wielding long wooden planks,
swinging them back and forth like torches against a jungle predator . Kavik’ s partner fended them off with nothing but a dagger in hand, raised high. The
first person to come near him would get plugged.
The problem was that the insta nt Jujinta picked a target and threw his weapon, he’d get rushed by the others. He’ll be fine, Kavik thought. He was
doing great, holding up a bunch by himself.
Other priorities were at stake. Kavik moved sideways to skirt the fight,
fully intending to just sprint the rest of the way to the back office. But some reflex, some twinge, made him pause and look one more time around the
corner again.
From this angle he got spotted. Not by the workers but by Jujinta. The two partners made eye contact. The distraction was enough for a plank to
come crashing down onto Jujint a’s shoulders. He toppled to the ground, and his opponents pounced, laying into him with vicious kicks and stomps.
Kavik swore up and down. At this rate someone else was going to beat him to the logbook. An association man wanting to salvage some small
victory , or a worker trying to secure the most valuable asset they knew was inside the warehouse.
He glanced one last time in the direction he was supposed to be going and then stepped out into the open. “Hey , Sifus!”
They stopped kicking the living spirits out of Jujinta. So at least that goal had been accomplished. The rest was up in the air .
The four men still standing looked at Kavik and then each other before chuckling. “Look at this guy,” said the worker closest to Jujinta. “I don’t
think he can count.”
Instead of splitting his water between the tentacles of Octopus form,
which would have rendered them too thin to do much damage, Kavik

wrapped all the liquid he had around his right arm, turning it into a massive limb big enough to wield a bundle of planks as a single giant club.
“One,” Kavik said. “That enough?”
Jujinta woke with a start, his face dripping. “What the—Where are we?”
“Shh,” Kavik said. “W e’re still inside the warehouse.”
They were on top of a crate tower , to be exact. The fight as a whole had not gone well for the association, and getting to an elevated position was
the only thing that Kavik could think to do while Jujinta regained consciousness. The problem was that now they were treed like pygmypumas.
“You defeated those men,” Jujinta said. “And then you healed me with waterbending.”
“Sure. That’s what happened.” It would be more accurate to say Kavik had scared them off by flailing about wildly . And he still didn’ t know how
to heal. He’d splashed Jujinta over and over again until he woke up. It was the only thing he could do with the little water he had left, and now it was
gone.
They crawled to the edge of their stack and peeked over. Below , by the main walkways of the loading area, the other association mem bers had been
rounded up and forced to sit on the floor . The invaders looked woozy and beaten, but they were alive. Even Pang, who should have been flatter than a
scallion bing after the hit he took.
“You there up on the boxes; you’re still outnumbered,” shou ted the opposing leader , who was not the oldest or most battle-scarred member of
their group, but a young man with long wavy hair cascading in abundance around his shoulders.
Jujinta hurled a blade over the side, barely looking, the way a child might throw a snowball from the cover of their fort. Kavik saw the spinning
metal tumble point-first into the foot of a worker standing next to the leader .
“Less so now,” Jujinta called out, as his victim shrieked and fell over,
pinned to the ground.
Rather than get angry , the leade r of the workers grimaced and rubbed his eyes. Kavik felt the same way. The longer this stalemate played out, the
more dignity everyone lost.

“Please stop knifing people for the moment,” Kavik said to Jujinta as calmly as he could. He needed time to think.
Jujinta nodded. “Because I’ve only got two left. Good call.”
Pang started to laugh. Kavik thought it might have been from a head swell, but the association man was as lucid as could be. “You and your
friends are histo ry, you know that?” he said to the young man holding him captive. “Thanks to our boys up there distracting you, we got the logbook
out. Y ou’ve got no leverage now .”
In a panic, Kavi k counted the captured men next to Pang. One missing.
He flipped onto his back and slammed his elbows into the crate below him in frustration. If he hadn’ t stopped to save Jujinta’ s sorry carcass, he might
have been able to complete his mission.
“You see, this is what I don’t get about you association people,” said the leader of the warehouse crew , his voice wavering. “What has Chaisee given
you to deserve your loyalty , huh? Other than the chance to step on us?
You’d suffer to keep her in power when she wouldn’ t spare you one of her sandals to eat.”
The man ran a hand through his long hair, gathering the strands. His face was covere d in sweat. “Neg otiating with her was never an option, was
it?” he murmured.
He walk ed over to the base of the tower Kavik and Jujinta were on, then took a Low Horse stance and inhaled deeply .
“No, no, no!” Kavik shouted in horror . “Don’ t do that! W e can talk!”
The crew leader punched forth a stream of flame at the woode n crates.
The highly flammable wooden crates.
“What are you doing?” Pang screamed. “This whole place’ll go up before you know it!”
“You ever stand on a jetty and watch a really big wave come in?” the man said as he spread the fire back and forth. “Not knowing whether it’ll
die down before it reaches you, or keep gaining strength until it smashes you in the face?”
His flames peter ed out and he flopped down next to Pang, resigned, his elbows on his knees. A campfire outing after a bad day. “We’re on the rocks
together now, Sifu,” he said, staring at the blaze he’d created. “I think we’ll all sit here together until enough damage has been done.”

His crew seemed to agree. A couple of them took brooms and rolled up sheaves of paper , touching them to the fire. They started going down the
crate stacks with their improvised torches. The air began to fill with smoke.
“What are the two of you up there going to do?” the crew leader called out. “Burn for Chaisee’ s sake?”
Kavik looked at his partner .
“This is the worst job I’ve ever been on,” Jujinta said, soun ding as matter -of-fact as he had outside at the tea stand. The crackling of flames
grew louder . “Have you ever considered you’ve been cursed by the spirits?”
Many times. The obvious solution was the water reservoir , nearly at eye level now that they were so high up. But still distant. He wound his arms
and tried to pull his element to him. Nothing. The tank was too far away ,
and the seals were too tight. “I need an opening,” he muttered.
Jujinta got to his knees but was wobbly from the hits he’d taken. “Stand back.” He took one of his two remaining knives, sighted down the handle,
and hurled it hard across the distance, sticking the point in the metal.
Nothing happen ed. The weapon wasn’ t heavy enough. “I have to hammer it deeper ,” Jujinta said. He hefted his last knife in his hand, as if he
were making adjustments in his head for miniscule variations in weight and balance.
“You miss and we’re both out of weapons,” Kavik said.
Jujinta paused. He whispered to himself so softly Kavik almost didn’ t hear him. “A Yuyan does not miss.” The words soun ded painful for him to
say, barbs lodged in his throat.
Whatever the notion meant to Jujinta, he shook it off and made his second throw , duplicating his previous movements so exactly that Kavik
was convinced he’d inhaled too much smoke and witnessed the same moment in time twice. The last knife went flying through the air and landed
in the pommel of the first, driving the blade further into the tank. A spray leaked around the knives, and then they were ejected by the pressure. Water
poured out of the hole.
“That’ s actually harder than what Shigoro did,” Jujinta said, before he slumped over and lay down again, resting his arm over his eyes.
Kavik didn’ t know what a Yuyan was, and he had a feeling his mysterious partn er would be less than forthcoming if they ever talked about

it. But that wasn’ t important right now. Jujinta’ s precision had opened a breach.
The walls of the tank were no longer an obstacle. Kavik widened the stream, tearing a bigger hole, unleashing a huge amount of stored-up
pressure. The weight of water . He couldn’ t stop this much if he wanted to.
He redir ected the torrent coming out of the tank and splashed it along the flames, dousing everyone and everything inside the warehouse.
As the men below shrieked beneath the indoor waves, Kavik realized he was in control right now. The only Waterbender present. A king atop his
mountain.
And right now , the king had a mission to complete for the A vatar .
OceanofPDF .com

THE RECKONING
“You did not think this through,” Tael said as he led Kavik through the wreckage in the warehouse.
True. It had been a spur of the moment thing. And like most impulses,
split between regrettable and victorious.
Some of the crates Kavik had sliced open with blades of water , shearing the faces off whole stacks where they were neatly aligned; others he’d burst
open with internal pressure, ripping nails and pegs free from their holes.
Everyone inside except for him and Jujinta had gotten knocked off their feet by a flood of slimy rainwater full of debris.
As the last man standing in the aftermath, Kavik had sifted through the wreckage before reinforcement s from the association arrived. And to his
deepening dread , he’d found nothing out of the ordinary . Nothing that could have spurred a power grab. No money , no weapons, no hidden locked
containers inside the crates.
The most likely explanation was that he’d just missed something. But it turned out Tael was the type of jerk who would rub a pet’s nose in the spot
they’d made to teach the poor animal a lesson.
“Komodo-rhino hides, scraped, five pallets,” Tael said, peeking his head inside. “Derelict.”
“Komodo-rhino hides, scraped, five pallets,” Kavik repeated. He winced as he put a mark next to the entry in the very logbook he’d came
here for . “Derelict.”
“Chop seal blanks, ten dozen. Fine, surprisingly .”
About half the shipments were declared ruined after he and Tael poked through them. “Chop seal blanks, fine.” Kavik was getting every bit of
information he could have possibly hoped for, in great detail, with an extra eyewitness confirmation. A spy’s dream. The only problem was that the
logbook he was holding contained a tally of how much money he had