Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 8)

still hopes for better conditions in the shang cities, and she’s willing to go to each one in turn. Like a proper beggar .”
“This minister is the one from Nanyan who’ s selling you out?”
“Yes.” Yangchen puckered her lips. “My actions are believable because of how badly I fumbled my first try in Bin-Er . I’m sure by now he’s let
every shang on the island know I was refused.”
“And when I get to the safe house?”
“You sit tight until I return from groveling in front of Zongdu Chaisee.
It won’ t take long because she’ll refuse me too. She’s the one who currently has control of Unanimity , after all. My contacts have experienc e and local
knowledge, so we’ll want to consult with them on a plan to find out which shipment the assets will be traveling on.”
“If your loyalists in Jonduri know what they’re doing, why don’t you have them try to get closer to Chaisee instead of me?”
“They’re too old,” Y angchen said curtly .
Kavik tilted his head at her. “What I mean is, they’ve lived in Jonduri for a while and people know them,” she explained. “Y ou, however , will be a
completely fresh face once you’re on the island. We barely even need a cover for you. You came from the North because you were prom ised work.
No family or friends in town.”
“The same story I used on you.”
His one victory over her, no matter how short-lived. She took the reminder well. “If it works, it works.”
After a few more minutes, Nujian came to a stop, hovering above the water . Yangchen hopped over to the saddle and rummaged through their
supplies until she found a large empty bladder . With the might of airbending, she inflated it in one breath and tied the seal tight.
“What is that thing, some kind of signal?” Kavik said. “And if we’re at the handof f point, where’ s the boat?”
She tossed the bladder over the side, where it bobbed gently , a makeshift buoy . “The boat won’t be here for another hour. Nujian and I
can’t be spotted anywhere near it. And the float is for you to hold on to. I
know I said it was a handof f, but it’ s really more of a dead drop.”
Yangchen made a scooping motion with her arms and Kavik was sucked bodily into the air, the same way he’d been caught when they first met. He
flew backward over the edge of the saddle and into the water . Popping his

head above the surface, he grabbed the float. His eyes burned with salt and indignation.
“This was always the plan,” Yangchen said. “Consider it pay-back for trying to kill my lemur .”
The sea was warm. Kavik was a Waterbender , a good swimmer to boot,
and in no dange r of drowning or freezing. But that was besid e the point.
“Pik for gave me!”
Yangchen callously nudged him in the forehead with the end of her staff, sending him drifting away . “Pak did not.”
Kavik rode the serene ripples of the water up and down and cursed the
Avatar ’s name with each one. She’d flown away without so much as a glance back.
He wasted some time dreamin g of an appropriate prank as revenge before remembering he had no plans to remain in Yangchen’ s company any
longer than necessary . The point was to get out of Bin-Er , not live up to his parents’ hopes and dreams for companionhood glory .
The pickup boat arrived sooner than she’d promised. The small fishing vessel approached with sails furled, pushed along by the man standing in
the stern. His motions of waterbending were different from the form Kavik practiced, prone to sudden fast movements among the slow, his hands
winding around each other as if he were reeling bolts of silken thread.
The boat came to a stop beside Kavik. The man reached down and they clasped each other by the forearm. The sensation of being helped out of the
water by a strong, reliable presence made Kavik think for a moment that
Kalyaan, wearing a dif ferent face, had come to pick him up.
His rescuer looked nothing like his brother though. The wiry
Waterbender was twice as old, in his forties. He had a longer face and a chin like a stone plinth. After pulling Kavik on board, he broke out into a
large smile. “Hey!” he said. “Y ou’re kin!”
He was. Kavik dried himself off with a flick of waterbending, stepped back, and bowed. “Kavik, of Long Stretch, named after my mother ’s
grandfather . My parents are Ujurak and T apeesa.”
“Tayagum,” the man responded . “Of the Orca Islands, after my cousin.
My parents are Angtan and Taganak.” He tossed Kavik a heavy pile of

rigging. “I need you to help me get out of these doldrums, Kavik of Long
Stretch.”
Together , they turned the boat around and waterbent swells to ride out of the patch of windless sea. Acting as the sole force moving a vessel was
tiring work, and Kavik was glad when the breeze picked up. Once they unfurled the sails, they could take a breather . “It’s nice to meet another
Waterbender ,” he said as they worked on the rigging.
Tayagum seeme d amused by his new passenger . “Don’ t they have those in Bin-Er?”
Kavik shrugged. “It’ s nice to be out of Bin-Er .”
“Mm. I spent some time there once. Of course this was before the
Platinum Af fair. Take in the jib a little bit, would you?”
Kavik hunched over the cleat and shortened the lines. “Little more,”
Tayagum said. “Is Mama Ayunerak still doing her thing over by the Inner
Corridor?”
Kavik wasn’ t surprised he knew A yunerak. The woman was a landmark,
weathered by the changes in the city but still recognizable by visitors far and wide. “It’s the internationa l district now,” he said. “Her place is still
standing though. Is this enough?”
“Perfect! And they say city kids can’ t sail.”
Kavik scoffed as he got up. “I’m not a city kid. We only moved to the continent when I was—”
A rope looped around his neck. Garr ote, his mind screamed. Kavik barely got one hand up through the slack before it tightened, smashing his
own forearm into the side of his head.
The boom of the mainsail dropped. Kavik was hauled into the air by the connected line, his feet dangling and kicking. With his free hand he
launched a water whip at Tayag um, but the man diverted the blast with a flick of his wrist.
Tayagum looked up at his catch, who was struggling and twisting in the wind. “La’s fins, what do we have here,” he said in an unwavering rhythm,
no hint of a question. “It’s a good thing I found you. What happened to your boat?”
Kavik grabbed the line above his head and pulled on it to relieve the pressure. “A rogue wave knocke d me overboard,” he said betwe en gulps of
air. “I should never have been sailing alone. I’m lucky you came along.”

“I was followin g a school of silverskim. I guess I was meant to bring home a dif ferent haul today .”
That was as far as the prepared exchange went. Finally satisfied,
Tayagum took the bottom of the rope suspending Kavik and gave it a deft flick. The line unwound and Kavik dropped back to the deck on all fours.
“Okay , look,” Tayagum said. “I don’t know what kind of raggedy kid’s games you play in Bin-Er . But in Jonduri, you better keep your head on
straight or you’ll lose it. The pickup could have been compromised. You should have been ready to gut me and steal the boat the instant you laid
eyes on me.”
Kavik wanted to tell him off, but he was right. The shame hurt worse than the rope burns. He was Qiu to this guy . That really stung.
“Would I have been able to?” he asked, deflecting the conv ersation away from his own sloppiness. “Overpower you and steal the boat?”
Tayagum snorted. “No. Don’ t forget your passphrases next time.”
Jonduri grew swiftly on the horizon, an undulating rocky wave between the layers of blue. Kavik had heard stories about the sweltering island from
contacts with international privileges. The place had a reputation for thin walls and hard checkpoints.
“Most of the island is surroun ded by cliffs and dangerous shoals,”
Tayagum explained. “So we can’ t get you in through beaching the boat.”
“How dangerous are we talking about?”
“Nearly every section of the coast has a name like Tiger-dillo’ s Roar or
Limpet’ s Teeth. Neither of us are good enough Waterbenders to survive an attempt to lay ashore. There is only one usable port in all of Jonduri.”
“Which I assume is guarded to the gills,” Kavik said.
“You assume correct. This boat is authorized to leave and enter the harbor with only two people, me and my assistant.”
Tayagum tossed a copper plate to Kavik. It was green with corrosion from the salt air. “Here’ s his pass. He’s hiding out for today and you’re
taking his place on the return home. The harbor agents know our faces. But one of them is brand-new and so far , not spectacular at his job. If everything
went of f perfectly last night, he should be too hungover to notice the switch.

You’re the same height and build as my usual guy, so keep the sun at your back and the inspector won’ t even look you in the eye.”
Kavik couldn’ t believe what he was hearing. After Tayagum’ s warning to be on top of his game, he’d expected a secret entranceway buried under
the wate r, or a hefty bribe to secure their entry . This was walkin g straight in through the front door and hoping no one noticed. “Are you kidding me?
I’ve seen shell games run by twelve-year -olds less flimsy than this plan!”
“This was the plan we had time for, so therefore it’s the plan. Simple beats complex, most of the time.”
This distinctly felt like one of those other times. “At least tell me what this person sounds like, talks like. Is there anything noticeable about his
gait?”
“Asu! I’m not asking you to perform Love amongst the Dragons here.
Just keep your mouth shut and do what the agent tells you.”
Sweat beaded on Kavik’ s brow as they got closer , humidity and fear working togethe r against him. He could see the city of Jondu ri now, the
towering bamboo constructions inlaid into the steep hillside, the green riot of vine-covered cliffs. A gentle r slope was painted in stripes— terraced tea
fields.
Grand junks with battened sails dominated most of the harbor ,
behemoths at a trough, needing to be fed. Their sheer lines swooped fore and aft high above the water , wooden walls as thick as castles, as if to let
anyone walking their decks sneer down at the surface dwellers below .
Smaller docks handled the boats the size of Tayagum’ s. In the distance,
Kavik saw a man already limping down the long pier, presumably to greet them. “Blast,” Tayagum muttered. “Blast, blast, blast. That’s not Ping
waiting for us. That’ s Ping’ s boss.”
The boat rocked under Kavik’ s feet. “What does that mean for the plan?”
“He’ s seen my assistant before. Not as often as the junior agents, but he’s definitely met him at least once.”
Kavik took it to mean they were up a creek and steadily losing their grip on the paddle. “Do you think he’ll remember?”
“Shut up and let me think.”
“You don’ t have much time to think!”

Tayagum ran around to the stern and pushed hard with waterbending to slow their approach. Kavik started to help him but was waved off. “No! If
we stop too soon it’ll look suspicious!”
Arriving to their doom at the correct speed seemed like the wrong priority . Kavik could come up with only one idea, and it stunk. “You said I
was the same height and build as your normal assistant. Do we have the same hair?”
The other W aterbender was too busy with the boat to look up. “What?”
“Do we have the same hair?”
“Yes, for T ui’s sake! Y ou’re both lanky brats with wolf tails! Why?”
Kavik waited for the boat to rock in case the man on the dock was already watching. On the next upswell, he snagged the toe of one foot on
the heel of the other , fell face-first into the railing, and landed on his nose with a crunch.
Stars of pain blinked in the darkness. Kavik caught the blood pouring from his nose and smeared it all around his face. The motion shifted his broken
cartilage, and he screamed through clenched teeth.
Tayagum came running. “What did you—oh! Oh. This might work.”
It had better . Kavik kept his eyes shut as the boat pulled in and T ayagum lashed them to a piling. He was helped onto the planks of the dock.
“Harbormaster Lee,” T ayagum said. “Where’ s, uh, where’ s Ping?”
“Ping was terminated for incompetence,” said a voice like scraped sinews. “What happened here?”
“Got his foot caught on a coil and bashed his face in,” Tayagu m said.
Kavik groaned. He tented his hands over his face, droplet s of blood pattering down from his elbows.
“Let me see how bad it is,” said Lee.
Kavik peeked through his fingers. The blurry shape of a weathered,
ancient Fire Nation man came into view . Lee’s wrinkled frow n was stone cold, but Kavik detected a hint of grandfatherly concern in his dingy gold
eyes. Of all the ways he thought he might get nabbed in Jonduri, the kindness of a security agent wasn’ t high on the list.
Kavik suddenly doubled over and retched pink slime near Lee’s mirror -
shined boots. He wasn’ t completely faking. Too much blood had trickled

down his throat.
Lee hissed and jumped back, quick for his age. “You idiot,” the harbormaster snapped. “You’ve been at this job for how long and you still
don’t have your sea legs?”
“Apologies,” Tayagum said. “I’ll get him fixed up.” He grabbed Kavik by the collar. “You keep your head down and forward, you hear?” he said.
“Else you’ll choke.”
“Guh-huh,” Kavik moaned. Tayagum led him down the pier, his face lowered out of courtesy . People got out of their way .
He was in. And he’d bled for the A vatar . His parents would be so proud.
OceanofPDF .com

A PLACE TO LAY ONE’S HEAD
They hustled down the streets of Jonduri, Tayagum leading the way.
Kavik’ s eyes were too blurry to make anything out, but he could hear the shouts of the famed city hawkers offering morsels of food cooked to order
right there in the open stalls, the clamor of dry goods pitchmen demonstrating the durability of their iron wares by bashing the metal
together .
When they passed a square full of indistinct hollering, he thought they’d stumbled across a riot of the Bin-Er sort. But Tayagum said it was the
clearing exchange, where merchants shouted orders at each other in a great crowd, using eye contact and hand gestures to move sums equal to pounds
of gold at a time. Kavik was missing the sights, but he didn’ t much care. He wasn’ t in Jonduri to play tourist.
They moved up bouncing bamb oo steps into a house on stilts. Tayagum gave him a place to sit and drip to his heart’ s content. When the flow from
his nose stanched to the point where he could see again, he discovered he was in the common room of an inn.
A Water Tribe–owned inn. There was a large soapstone qulliq in the middle of the floor providing smokeless light. While the room was too big
to be completel y lined with pelts, there were a few fine examples around the walls and floor . His house in Bin-Er looked like this. An effort to bring
home outside the poles.
“I’ll leave you in Akuudan’ s care for now,” said Tayagum. “I have to smooth things over at the dock. I’ll be back.”
He left before Kavik could ask who Akuudan was. Presumabl y it was the giant who came plodding down the stairs. Kavik was surprised the
second floor could hold him.
“What the— Tayagum! ” the huge southern man roared. “Get back here!”
“He’ s gone,” Kavik said. “Y ou’re Akuudan?”
“I am.” Akuudan sighed. “And you are a mess. I can bone set. Sit tight.”

Akuudan went behind a counter . As he picked through his shelves,
Kavik saw he had only one arm, but it was bigger around than some people’ s legs.
He brought over a leather roll and undid the knot with his teeth,
unfurling a series of pouches, each with a different smooth, polished wooden instrum ent poking out. He selected a wishbone-shaped splint and
two rods the size of brush handles. “Hold this curved one against your cheekbones,” he said to Kavik. “This is going to hurt.”
Without further warning Akuud an jammed the rods deep into Kavik’ s nostrils to realign his breathing passages.
Ah, blinding pain. His old friend. “It’s been a long morning,” Kavik said, seeking the floor to lie down on while the setting implements
remained attached to his face. “Do you mind if I close my eyes? Just for a minute.”
“Go wild. T ake two.”
When Kavik woke up from his nap, he found pelts underneath him and a protective mask strapped to his head, shielding his nose from further injury .
And Tayagum was back. He chatted quietly with Akuudan by the lamp, the two older W ater T ribesmen occasionally glancing over at their guest.
Kavik struggled to his elbows. The swelling had gone down in his face,
which was now clean and a little cold. Tayagum must have washed him off and applied ice with waterbend ing while he was passed out. Maybe some
basic field heali ng too, but nothing on the level of the Avatar ’s miraculous touch. He could breathe well enough to smell something delicious.
“Blood soup,” Akuudan said to Kavik. “To replace what you’ve lost. I
also cooked seaweed noodles, and Tayagum picked up a chun k of turtleseal. Still fresh. T aken properly , thanked by the hunter , and given a drink.”
Kavik swallowed his saliva. “How do you have fresh seal meat this far away from the poles?”
“Jonduri likes two things abov e all else,” Tayagum said. “Order and food. A lot of the exchange traders are Tribe who are willing to pay for a
taste of home.”
The one thing about the shang territories was they were cosmo politan.
Kavik found the soup as hearty as any he’d had back home. The noodles as

good as his mother ’s, he was loath to admit. The meat was cut from the backbone, a prime morsel usually chosen quickly following a successful
hunt.
Because of how delicious the meal was, it took Kavik a while to notice they’d been eating in complete silence. “Business seems a little slow,” he
said. A joke. The inn was empty, even though the street outside had sounded busy. “This assistant I replaced on the way in. He doesn’ t live
here?”
They grunted but didn’ t respond beyond that. Tayagum’ s initial friendliness from the boat had vanished. The standof fishness hurt Kavik
more than he wanted to let on. These were the first Water Tribe folk he’d met since he’d moved to Bin-Er who weren’ t upset with him over his
brother ’s dealings.
He took a minute to observe his hosts. A series of small blue discs hung from a band around Akuudan’ s arm. Tayagum had a similar piece of fabric
wrapped around his bicep but with only one carved amulet hanging from it.
“So are you two former Northern Guard?” Kavik asked. “Thin Claws maybe, to be so far from home?” He was referring to the elite warrior
retainers of Agna Qel’a, granted the status of brethren to the chief himself.
When they were n’t stationed in the poles, they served as scouts and rangers who patrolled farther away from the W ater T ribe homelands.
Tayagum snorted.
“What?” Kavik said. “You both look like you can scrap. At least one of you has been to the continent a long time ago.” His pickup man may have
been justified in giving Kavik grief over security , but he’d let slip facts about himself as well.
Akuudan shook his head. “Don’ t do that,” he said.
What, pry? Lear n? What do you think my job is? “I’m just specu lating,”
Kavik said, turning his attention to the big man. “For instance. Unless you lost your limb in an accident, I’m thinking you might be related to royalty .
An offshoot branch of the clan, maybe.” The Northern Chief ’s lineage had at least one notable ancestor born with one arm, a legendary whaler , in fact.
“You’re annoyin g, is what you are,” Tayagum said. “And unvetted.
Neither of us enjoy having to support walking liabilities.”
So it was going to be like that. Kavik hadn’ t even briefed them on the mission yet. “I’m the person the A vatar chose.”

“I know ,” Akuudan said. “And I’m saying she may have made a mistake. She looks for the good in people first. She wants to find it in them
with all of her heart. She’ s too trusting.”
Kavik shook his head in disbe lief. “Are we talking about the same
Avatar here? Yangchen? Spies on people? Owns disguises and is really comfortable using them? The most un–Air Nomad Air Nomad to ever
exist?”
Tayagum’ s nostrils flared, and Akuudan’ s lips pressed into thin lines.
Clearly they didn’ t like Kavik speaking about their boss in anything less than a reverent tone. “Look, she and I struck a deal,” he said. “I need her to
come through on her end, and she needs me in return. I don’t see why the two of you get to look down on me for it.”
Akuudan examined Kavik like a jeweler determined to reject a stone.
“Do kids these days know about the Platinum Affair?” he asked after a lengthy consideration.
Do I know about the circumsta nces that trapped my family in a city I
hate, led to losing my brother , and brought me halfway across the world? “I
know some.”
“Tayagum and I were expedition quartermasters during that time,”
Akuudan said. “We were escorting the Water Tribe’s payment to General
Nong under diplomatic pretense s. The Earth King’ s forces at Llama-paca’ s
Crossing ran us down along with the platinum we were guarding. The
Water Tribe ambassadors could n’t get us released right away . Eventually they stopped trying.”
“We were disavowed by Oyalu k,” Tayagum said bitterly . “Maybe as punishment for failing to protec t the money , maybe to save face, but either
way, we were thrown into an Earth Kingdom prison to rot. We would still be there if the A vatar hadn’ t negotiated amnesty for us. No one asked her to.
She took it upon herself.”
“So we don’t follow her out of a deal, ” Akuudan said. “Nor because she’s the bridge between human s and spirits. We follow her because she’s a
person who will help others without question.”
“Ah.” Kavik nodded. They were true believers. Or maybe they were just indebted. “Did she attend your wedding as well, or were you already
together before the Platinum Af fair?”

Both men peered at him. “You’re wearing what I assume are betrothal armbands,” Kavik said. If he was correct, they’d modified the traditional
custom of giving a hand-carved necklace to your promised. “The only thing
I don’ t get is why Akuudan’ s has so many stones on it.”
Akuudan broke out into a grin, the first real and warm express ion he’d shown in front of Kavik. “We met before. Dumb-dumb here kept messing
up the stone he was going to use. But I made him fish all of his failed attempts out of the rubbish. You can see a little progression of him getting
better each time.”
Tayagum leaned over and pressed his nose against his husband’ s cheek.
“The one you made looked great on the first try .”
They finished their meal and cleared the dishes. Over herb tea, Kavik briefed his hosts on Yangchen’ s plan for him in Jonduri. Despite the loyalty
to the A vatar they’d professed earlier , they were far from enthusiastic.
“All right, she definitely made a mistake,” Akuudan said, rubbing his temples with his thumb and little finger . “This is madness. You’re going to
get yourself killed.”
“I’ve been caught snooping around warehouses and docks before,”
Kavik said. Most often, one shang would want to spy on another ’s assets before entering a deal—or breaking one. More information meant more
leverage. “Usually I get the snot kicked out of me and sent on my way .”
“Huh,” Tayagum said. “Never heard someone boast about losing fights.”
There were few other ways for the son of accountants to learn the trade.
The standard cost against benefit calculations applied to any physical confrontation in Bin-Er . Teiin had paid a squad of headkickers because he
could get away with it as long as no one died.
“Bin-Er is not Jonduri,” Akuudan said. “And while they both hold the title of zongdu, Henshe is to Chaisee what a moose-lion cub is to its fullgrown version. If the Avatar trifles with her, comes at her with the wrong
tools, it’ s going to be a disaster .”
“Why is Chaisee such bad news?”
“Her grip over the shangs in Jonduri is absolute,” Tayagum explained.
“They do business exactly as she tells them, she keeps the Fire Lord out of their hair, and everyone reaps massive profits. She’s the most effective
leader they’ve had since the system began.”

“She also controls the flow of intelligence on the island,” Akuudan said.
“Every errand runner in Jonduri works for her as a member of a single association. They monitor the residents who might be a threat to her smooth
operations. Merchants, workers, anyone who doesn’ t like the way she runs things. There is no class of independent agent like you, who could be
persuaded to turn against her interests.”
The two formidable-looking men, who had definitely seen their share of trouble, were talking about Chaisee like a spirit that brought bad luck. The
kind that taboos were put in place around, for one’s own protection. “The
Avatar ’s meeting with her face-to-face,” Kavik said.
They hitched with worry . “If it’s entirely aboveground, about legitimate business, then she should be okay ,” Tayagum said. “Is the Avatar going to
come here afterward, before you march of f to your doom?”
That was the plan. Kavik nodded. “Good,” Akuudan said. “We’ll have a chance to talk her out of this.”
Maybe she’ll talk you into it. While the men obviously revered
Yangchen, Kavi k could see why she might have been hesitant to act through them. They were focused on the cost, not the benefit.
“Don’ t give us that look,” Tayagum said. “We’ve been playing the game far longer than you. Professionals know when the risk is too great.”
If Kavik wanted to play it safe, then he wouldn’ t be here right now. “Oh yeah? Then tell me which of you very serious professionals will break your
assistant’ s nose tomorrow .”
They were confused. Kavik pointed at his own face. “To match me. If
Lee sees your man show up at the docks in pristine condition, he’ll know it was someone else who came back on the boat today .”
There was a long moment of silence before the three of them cracked up laughing.
Kavik couldn’ t stop. His sides hurt more than his nose. The idea of some poor sap getting wallope d for something he wasn’ t a part of was
completely unfair . Which was probably why it was so funny .
Suddenly Akuudan went quiet. “I’ll do it,” he growled, slamming a fist the size of a brick on the table, upsetting the tea.
OceanofPDF .com

A MEETING OF MINDS
After Yangchen dropped Kavik off in the water—his squeal of shock worth the trip alone— she rejoined the procession of Air Nomads on its way to
Jonduri. Becaus e her visit to the island city was part of her public agenda,
the residents knew she was coming and greeted her in full force. The landing area, a small plateau in the lower hills, was surrounded by a large
crowd cheering and waving ribbons of yellow and orange in coordinated patterns. Yangchen could see directors among them exhorting their sections.
More! Mor e enthusiasm for the A vatar!
She and her fellow Airbenders landed and were immediately showered with flower petals tossed high into the air. Smiling children, no doubt
selected for the honor, bade her bow low so they could drape garlands made from more flowers around her neck.
Despite the grand welcome that Sidao had organized for her in advance,
her minister was nowhere to be found. A demure, well-dressed man with a scar over his eyebrow was the only person who dared speak to her directly .
He was the representative for Zongdu Chaisee, and he was happy to bring the Avatar to her while the rest of the traveling group were provided
hospitality . His name? Oh, it didn’ t matter .
Yangchen shared a glance with Samten, the Northern elder who was in charge of or ganizing this trip. He wasn’ t part of the mission. Samten and the
other monks were traveling like normal Airbenders, and Yangchen’ s presence was the aberration that had brought on this over-the-top welcome.
He mouthed we’ll be fine, right before the blast of several horns startled him of f his feet.
She left her animal companions with Samten. Chaisee’ s representative led her up a path that took them away from the main city and past the shang
compounds nestled deep in the greenery so only their entrances were visible. Eventually they came to a perfectly level walkway leading to a
small square house jutting out of the hillside.