Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Micah Fleming (Part 2)

Her voice rang out in the hallway with the vitriol of a teacher who’d been forced to repeat the same lesson over and over . But she’d never said
those words to Gu before. The last time she’d railed against a life governed by expedience was to a person she thought was a friend. A true companion
of the A vatar .
Yangchen rubbed her forehead with the back of her hand. The less she thought about Kavik and his role in creating this mire, the better .
“Apologies,” she said to the inspector as they came to the exit on the side of the gathering hall rather than the main lawn. She tried to make her
comings and goings as discreet as possible these days. “The demands of the city are many .”
It was unclear how much Gu and the Earth King saw through
Yangchen’ s lies to pass of f the destruction in Bin-Er as the work of angry spirits, and therefore business best left to the A vatar . Recent memory helped
her cause. She would never have guessed the disaster of T ienhaishi could have an upside.
Gu said something as she pushed her way through, with her hands this time, but his reply was drowned out by a crest of noise, the sudden release
of tension like a loosed bowstring. The throng of voices struck them hard enough to make both the inspector and Y angchen flinch.
“AVATAR! A VATAR!”
Someone must have leaked that she was in town. Because a crowd, the biggest one she’d seen in Bin-Er yet, was waiting outside the building for a
glimpse of the bridge between humans and spirits. Newcomers to the city mixed with old stalwarts, from across the Four Nations. A crop of
uncovered heads, sprouting down the streets as far as she could see.
Yangchen blinked in the face of thunderous cheers. How long had they been there? She had been trapped by her duties in the gathering hall for the
better part of yesterday . Had the townsfolk weathered the night cold just to catch sight of her leaving?
She raised her hand, slow and weak. Please. Enough. I need to get through .
The crowd took her gesture as a benediction. They sur ged in place,
redoubling their voices for the woman who’d silenced the terrors in the sky those months ago. They wept joyously for the Air Nomad who’d lingered in

the city and brought with her the boons of food and healing and care.
Avatar. Avatar. Avatar
.
“The city adores you a great deal,” Inspector Gu shouted.

It was too late to rush back inside and go the other way. “This is …
only a show of respect.”

Gu did not look convinced, given they could barely hear each other.
“I’m old enough to remember Avatar Szeto, and he was given plenty of

respect. This is something else. Devotion, perhaps. Belief in Avatar

Yangchen, who can cure all ills.”
“Unwarranted.”

As an official informant for the Earth King, observations were the

jewels Gu provided his master. To get the best product, he’d prod at her

discomfort. “Maybe not as much as you think. You’ve quelled the spiritual

unrest over the skies, improved the lot of the commonfolk, and increased

business in Bin-Er by a third,” he said, as if two of those feats hadn’t been

frantic reactions to circumstance. “I don’t know how you can sustain so

many victories.”

The roars crested. Yangchen could have confessed out loud and he

would never have known.

I can’t, Inspector
, she wanted to say.

My secret is

that I can’t
.

The money, the peace, the Firebenders hidden away deep in the

mountains. Her successes were based off lies. Bin-Er was growing too fast

for her to manage, its problems deferred, not

solved. Sooner or later, she

would be found out for a fraud, and this would all come crashing down.

Gu yelled something about staying behind and went back inside.
Yangchen tried forging ahead, hoping to pierce the front lines, that the army

arrayed before her might concede enough space for a getaway. But the

crowd showed no signs of parting and grew only more frenzied as she

approached. They were going to have their moment with the Avatar.

Yangchen did her best to put on a smile and pretend she wasn’t

trapped.

AMONG FRIENDS
Evenings turned the bright walls and spirit-faced columns of Chief
Oyaluk’ s feast hall a shadowed blue, the color of deep ice and marine caverns. Across the square, curtains of falling water shimmered like silken
banners, backing a great fountain of ice that neither melted from the flow nor froze along its ridges. The temperature in perfect balance.
Yangchen never felt chilled in this place, not in the handful of times she’d visited. Oyaluk had been the only Chief of the Northern W ater T ribe
in her era, and she remembered his kindness when she was a young girl hiding behind Abbess Dagmola’ s robes, the Northern capital one of the first
stops along the new A vatar ’s introduction tour across the world.
But the years marched on. As Y angchen assumed more responsibilities, the purposes of her visits had shifted away from mere
goodwill. It was easy for the leaders of the world to smile at a child who asked for nothing.
She and Chief Oyaluk sat at the high table a few feet apart from each other . From her place of honor , Yangchen could sense the tension in
Oyaluk’ s broad shoulders. She’d already rebuf fed his attempt to talk during the feast. After the tables ar e clear ed and we’r e alone , was her condition.
Until then, they stared straight ahead, nothing amiss in their expressions, and watched a solo performance from the Grand Master of
Agna Qel’a. Sifu Akoak was young for his title, brash enough to risk weaving torrents of water between his elders seated down the sides of the
square, demanding their stillness lest they be splashed. When the stream reached Y angchen, there was a murmur of concern, but she let the water
play over her shoulders and added a sparkling twirl before sending the liquid on its way . An Air Nomad’ s good humor .
Sifu Akoak took his bows. Oyaluk stood and gave a speech of thanks to the spirits for their many blessings. His council members, for whom the

Avatar was a familiar enough sight, were free to turn in for the night. The chief tilted his head at his guest of honor , a wag of his gray beard, as if to
ask Now?
Yangchen gestured at the remnants of the feast. Tables. Clear ed.
Oyaluk sighed. They waited still, for the elders of the North to file out and for attendants to take away every last plate and cup. The last to leave
were the Thin Claws, the chief ’s personal retainers, stationed in the corners,
girdled in ivory armor . Pride required them to obey Oyaluk’ s command for privacy with the A vatar slowly , grudgingly .
With only two people remaining in the vast dining area, the seating furs gone, the drums packed up, the hard ice surface resembled a
competition ground. A time and place of Y angchen’ s choosing. “Now?”
Oyaluk asked again, exasperated.
Almost. She bade the chief follow her to the center of the square,
where she began to walk the circle, the basic exercise of airbending, one palm out farther than the other . Oyaluk glanced around them as he kept
pace. A breeze followed her motions, sweeping the edges of the floor ,
taking the same path over the tables as Akoak’ s water . As she walked, the wind sped up until it overtook her to become a controlled cyclone. Had any
debris remained, it would have been whipped dangerously across the ice.
Yangchen came to a halt, the vortex self-sustaining with minimal ef fort now. Inside the eye it was calm, but the surrounding winds rushed fast
enough to form a barrier of noise. It would be impossible for anyone to eavesdrop on her and the chief.
Pak and Pik, who had behaved themselves throughout the dinner ,
surfed the currents of air with outspread wings, chasing each other in an endless loop. “Y ou know I have secure rooms,” Oyaluk said.
Rooms had walls, and walls hid people behind them. Sometimes in them. “I’m being more careful these days.”
The chief shook his head. “I remember when you used to run after my nieces and nephews through the palace like that,” he said, gesturing at the
lemurs playing above them. “And now you’re an A vatar as shrewd as any .”
He examined his hands, front and back, as if looking for evidence of the days gone by . “I was hoping that when you came into your power , you’d be
fairer in your attentions. Not another Szeto.”

She knew the accusation was coming, but it still stung. “I am not biased. I don’ t favor a nation.”
“I know of your successes in Bin-Er and how much time you’ve been spending there. Earth King Feishan is skittish, unstable, and power -hungry .
He is not the kind of person who should sit a throne. And yet you seem dedicated to strengthening his position. Y ou’re making him money .”
Guilty . But not the only party . “I am catching knives that you and Fire
Lord Gonryu dropped,” Y angchen said. Or rather hurled . “Have you forgotten the two of you caused the Platinum Af fair in the first place?”
The edges of his mouth drooped. “An act I regret every day .”
As far as Y angchen was concerned, Chief Oyaluk owed her more than a pained grimace. He and the Fire Lord had meddled in matters outside
their borders by backing General Nong’ s attempted rebellion against Earth
King Feishan. They’d done it in her era, during the window of vulnerability when the A vatar was too young to have an impact on world af fairs. Perhaps
Oyaluk had made the decision while he watched the little visiting Air
Nomad play with his family in the palace.
Yangchen knew Oyaluk was a reasonable man, a competent leader ,
decent at his core. Presumably Nong shared some of those traits and would have made a good Earth King, a founder of a new dynastic line of peace.
But who could say for sure? Nong’ s body lay trampled into the dust at
Llama-paca’ s Crossing, the site of his defeat in battle at the hands of Earth
King Feishan the Skittish and Unstable.
Once evidence came to light that Nong had had of ficial support for his failed revolt, relations between the Earth Kingdom, Fire Nation, and W ater
Tribe froze as cold as the heart of an iceber g. They would never recover , not without a continentsized ef fort.
“Trading Feishan for Nong seemed brilliant at the time.” The chief at least was contrite over his blunder . “Dare I say it was a move in the nature
of your predecessor . Avatar Szeto manipulated the downfall of corrupt officials and the promotion of their better replacements as a matter of
course.”
Salai’ s shoes . The Earth King was not a provincial tax collector and none of them were A vatar Szeto. “It is entirely possible to outsmart
yourself, you know . I’ve done so in many a lifetime.” Oyaluk didn’ t know about her “gift” in full detail, but he knew she’d studied the written records

of Avatars past. She and the chief were both well-versed in the history of mistakes and personal flaws linked to their of fices.
“It wasn’ t even my idea to begin with,” he confessed. She could tell he needed this moment of candor with someone who understood the weight he
bore, leader to leader . Neither of them would ever make such admissions or excuses in public. “My most senior advisors informed me over a game of
Pai Sho that Fire Lord Gonryu was inclined to throw his influence behind
Nong and convinced me to do the same. They believed the two of us acting in concert would guarantee the plan’ s success. My representatives brokered
the deal with Gonryu’ s behind the curtains.”
“Over a … over a game of …” Y angchen clamped a lid over the fury boiling inside her until it reduced to a single grunt for the ages. “Hmm.”
Oyaluk’ s story was remarkably similar to the one Fire Lord Gonryu had told her , also in confidence. Which meant neither head of state had
come up with the plan to topple the Earth King. The folly had been cooked up by nameless men and women with contacts spanning the borders of the
Four Nations. Figures in the background who thought grand strategy could be reduced to tile positions and numbers and who would probably never
face accountability for being mistaken.
None of the lives Y angchen had lived could help her express the sheer frustration writhing in her stomach. The origins of the Platinum Af fair had
the finger smudges of the White Lotus all over it. This was exactly why she didn’ t trust the or ganization. Puppet masters who fumbled the strings didn’ t
deserve applause for a worthy performance.
What’ s done is done . She had to move forward with the reason she’d come to the Northern W ater T ribe, no matter how many Pai Sho boards she
wanted to break over her knee right now . “There is a way for you to make amends,” she said to Oyaluk. “At the upcoming convocation in T aku.”
By the terms laid out in their charters, the zongdus of each trade city met every year to discuss business. Y angchen would represent Bin-Er in
Zongdu Henshe’ s … conspicuous absence. But more importantly , the Earth
King, W ater T ribe Chief, and Fire Lord would arrive at the end of the weeklong conference to stamp their of ficial seals on terms of renewal. Such
convocations had been the only chance for face-to-face diplomacy between the leaders of the Four Nations since Y angchen had come of age.

“Those conferences are formalities,” Oyaluk said. “During the last one, Feishan could barely stand to be in the same room as me. After
completing his portions of the contracts, he knocked over the inkpots so my boots would stain.”
“That was then. Like you said, he’ s been benefiting from my good work these days. He’ s richer . Happier . Now is the perfect time for an
overture. Reach out to him in T aku and put up signs of good faith.”
“End the Platinum Af fair, you mean,” Oyaluk said softly , as if remembering a lost dream. “Return the world to normal.”
Yangchen nodded. Restoring open relations between the Earth
Kingdom, W ater T ribe, and Fire Nation would eliminate the need for shangs and zongdus and the many injustices that followed in their wake.
She’d come to realize the shang system was only a symptom of the underlying disease, a scab on the wound splitting each country from the
others. Y angchen would stitch the oozing flesh back together with her bare hands if she had to. “W e don’ t have to leave our mistakes uncorrected,” she
said. “W e don’ t have to accept the ills of the world simply because they’ve lasted. Give me your support, and together we will make it so the Four
Nations no longer have to hate and fear each other .”
The task was lar ge, monumental, but if Y angchen succeeded, the source of a deep and abiding suf fering would fade from the world. I could
pass into the history books as an adequate A vatar , she thought. I could face my reincarnations without shame .
In the long pause that followed, the trickling of water grew louder .
Oyaluk made a little sweep with his fingers, asking for a refresh of the winds keeping their conversation a secret. After Y angchen obliged, he stood
up straighter . The posture of a decision made.
“It won’ t work,” he said. “Y ou’ll never get Feishan to swallow his pride. And he’ s not happier . If he claims to be in your meetings with him,
he’s lying. The Earth King wants retribution, not peace.”
Yangchen wondered whose pride was the issue here. “Y ou are speaking without basis.”
Oyaluk debated with himself for a moment, as if deciding how much to reveal to her . “My advisors tell me that in the last few weeks, Feishan has
been extremely agitated by a new piece of intelligence he’ s gained. Against all reason, he now believes the Fire Lord and I are responsible for the

destruction in Bin-Er . As if we deployed some kind of weapon against him.”
Later , Yangchen might look back on this moment as the greatest acting job she’d ever pulled of f. She had only an instant to fight the thudding of her
heart and cobble together a facial expression. Lips pursed just so, squint not too deep, voice, pause. The speed at which she responded was as important
as the strength.
“Hah.” No one would know how much work went into that scof f. “I
don’t see how you managed to anger the spirits over the city from an ocean away .”