Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 16)

“I only let the elders know about a fraction of my successes,” Yangchen

said. “I spoke to dozens of previous Avatars. Upon dozens. Upon dozens.”

She watched Mama frown. You don’t actually like that do you? That

I’ve done exactly as you’ve proposed. Telling Yangchen to bury herself in

history had probably seemed like wise counsel in the older woman’s head,

but carried out and made real? It cheapened a sacred component of

Avatarhood.

“I saw through their eyes, watched their lives unfurl,” Yangchen said.

“Time doesn’t pass the same way inside a vision as it does in the physical

world. At first I was overwhelmed by the noise of it all. As someone who

appreciates intelligence, I’m sure you understand. The sheer quantity of

information you have to sift through to find something relevant.

“And then I started noticing patterns over the eras I witnessed.

Repetition. I sat in front of my predecessors humbly, asked so many

questions, listened to so many answers. Do you know what I learned?”

Yangchen clenched her fists around the quilt. “Their lives are full of

regret,” she said. “Lost chances to make the world a better place. To me,

that’s what sticks out sharpest in their memories. Their regrets over the

times they did nothing.”

Why are you like this? The answer, here. “I have felt the shame of

Avatars gone by,” she said. “Lived through failures not recorded in history.

And I can tell you with absolute certainty—not a single one of my past

selves that I’ve connected with wishes they waited longer to solve a

problem.”

Acting only in moments of generational import. Who decided which

moments were important? And how many people suffered in between?

There had never been any gilded ages, as far as Yangchen had seen.

Mama picked up an atqun and went over to the qulliq to tend the wick.

A few touches of the small stick and the flame was restored along the lip of

the soapstone lamp. “I come here from the North on a regular basis, to meet

with my fellows,” she said. “But this time I’m in town to investigate a

possible spiritual disturbance. There have been reports of bright lights and

loud noises along the tundra outside the city.”

Yangchen was so unimpressed with Mama’s reason for being in Port

Tuugaq that it took her a while to realize her proposal for an information

trade had been accepted. “That’s it?” she said. “Lights and noise?” That

wasn’t much, as far as accounts of spiritual activity were concerned.

“I will admit, it’s a more interesting lead now that the Avatar is here.”

Mama cocked her head as if to say your turn now. She obviously anticipated

getting the better end of this exchange.

Could Yangchen trust the White Lotus? And more importantly, did she

need their help? Three bruised men being held against their will said yes.

Her exhaustion, her lack of knowledge about the area, said yes. She

couldn’t let pride be the reason she failed, not at this juncture.

I hope I don’t regret this. “I’m not following up on spiritual business,”

Yangchen said. She told Mama everything she knew about Unanimity.

OceanofPDF.com

TRACES

“This is . . . news,” Mama said as she tried to absorb the salient points.

Yangchen didn’t think she was feigning ignorance. The White Lotus had

been caught unawares by Henshe and Chaisee’s secret project. While Mama

could criticize Yangchen’s recklessness all she wanted, her organization

was several steps behind the Avatar. “What was the name of the ship you

were looking for?”

“The Sunbeam,” Yangchen said.

“Are you sure? I didn’t see any records of a Sunbeam docking here in

the last two months.”

Hmph. At some point during her investigation, Mama must have stolen

a glimpse of some logbooks. Yangchen felt vindicated that her tactics had

merit. But the discrepancy didn’t make sense. “My source verified the

name. Three-masted junk.”

Mama’s response was immediate and reflexive. “And you trust this

source?”

“Yes. Yes, I do.” Yangchen felt more energized now that the food had

taken hold. She decided she’d been too dismissive of Mama’s information.

“Show me the area where the spiritual disturbances were reported.”

“I can do that.” Mama raised her teacup to her lips but then lowered it

before taking a sip. “You mean now? You’ve barely slept!”

Yangchen threw off the blanket and got to her feet. “The night is clear,”

she said. “There’s enough moon. And I’ve told you how I feel about

waiting.”

Whoever Mama was, she had enough influence to walk out of Port Tuugaq

late at night with a guest in tow. She’d waved a pair of passes at the gate

guards but hadn’t even bothered to let Yangchen hold hers.

When they were far enough away, Yangchen whistled for Nujian. She

noted Mama’s ease around the giant bison. They got on and flew farther

inland, over a fresh layer of sugary snow.

“There,” Mama said, pointing at a large hill in the distance.

They landed on the highest point, where one side fell away sharply into

a cliff. The powder reached their knees when they jumped down from

Nujian. Yangchen rubbed her arms as she looked around, first down the

white slope of the hill, and then at the field the cliff sat atop. No tracks since

the snow had fallen.

“Do you sense any spirits?” Mama asked.

Yangchen did not. This area was simply . . . empty. No living creature

born of either world seemed to want it. She wondered what it would be like

to live here, by herself. “Nothing.”

She was going to be the first to give up and propose going back. But a

shadow caught her eye, or rather several of them did. She tilted her head

and peered back at the field. “Do you see those depressions?” she asked.

“Hold on, old eyes,” Mama said. She squinted and frowned. “You mean

those very regularly spaced-out depressions.”

“Like tarts on a tray.” The snow far to the left and right was completely

flat, but here, under the cliff . . .

It was in the way of the landscape she really wanted to see. “Stay

behind Nujian,” Yangchen said. “The winds are about to pick up.” She took

a running start and leaped off the edge of the cliff.

She made sure to fall a bit before slowing her descent with airbending,

twirling herself into a Full Lotus position. If she entered the Avatar State

below the top of the cliff, there’d be less danger to her only bystander. With

the stars above and the snows below, Yangchen closed her eyes and let

herself become suspended, anchorless. Open and vulnerable to the

accumulated power of her past lives.

If future Avatars looked back on this moment, she hoped they wouldn’t

judge her, using their most incredible ability for a bit of cleaning. She swept

the entire field, melting the snow, pushing it aside, riding vortices back and

forth until a job that normally took a season’s change was finished in a few

minutes. Once the gravelly earth underneath was exposed, she touched

down and let the swell of energy wash away. After her battle with Old Iron,

she found the Avatar State easier to summon. But she couldn’t cling to it

any more than a swimmer could grasp a wave.

Yangchen walked through the thawed field, an early springtime of her

own making. The ground was spotted with craters. The largest holes were

as broad as houses and half as deep. And they were all round.

She took a closer look by sliding down into one of the depressions. It

was about as big as a sitting room. Inside the bowl, chunks of gravel had

melted and blackened. The clay underneath had been scooped out by some

great force. A meteor? she thought. A meteor would have fit closely, but

there were no lumps of ore nearby, no deep impact bores in the ground. And

the normal signs of bending, even when fire and earth clashed, didn’t mesh

with her surroundings.

Yangchen heard the trails of a shout and she turned around. Her fellow

investigator waved her hands from the top of the hill, telling her to come

back.

“Staying down there was a waste of time,” Mama said once she’d

returned. “You can read a better story from up here. Look.”

From their high ground, the exposed craters made a series of perfect,

semicircular arcs. One close, one far, one right in the middle, dividing the

distance. “You see those glittering rocks? The ones that don’t look like they

belong?”

From this angle and distance, the moonlight sparkled against small piles

of stones that must have contained reflective mineral. They were regularly

placed, as if to make an imaginary grid, one that narrowed until reaching

the hill as its focal point.

“Those are distance markers,” Mama said. “Siege engineers in the Fire

Nation use them to test slings, crossbows, projectile throwers. Earthbending

soldiers practice on fields like this one so they can get sorted by power and

accuracy.”

“But there’s no war machine in the Four Nations that could have made

those craters,” Yangchen said. “And they don’t look like the results of any

kind of bending I’ve ever seen.”

“I can’t explain everything,” Mama said. “I can only tell you what I

think. And right now, I think this entire place is a target range.”

LAST CHANCES

The Queen of Omashu was a ponderous five-masted junk, built for stability

over speed. Kalyaan had gotten Kavik on board by passing him off as one

of the authorized cargo mates, a member of the crew responsible for the

secure transport of an individual shipment. Kavik had trouble reconciling

how an identity that could pass a harbormaster’s inspection could be thrown

together so quickly, even by a “boss-boss,” until it dawned on him that

Kalyaan had already prepared this cover long ago. For himself. Kavik was

using up his brother’s means to come home.

“I’m sending you back to Bin-Er on the same ship as Unanimity,”

Kalyaan had said. “Henshe’s leaving earlier on a faster vessel and will be

waiting for the drop-off. He has to get it without a hitch, do you

understand? I’m not safe until he does. Afterward, I want you to go home

and take care of Mother and Father. If the Avatar’s team snoops around, I’ll

leave a trail that makes it plausible you were ordered away by the

association.” The lights in his eyes danced faster than ever. “The next few

days could be . . . important. And I’d prefer you were around to protect our

family in case things don’t go according to plan.”

Once the voyage had begun in earnest, Kavik nearly broke down in a

laughing fit. He still didn’t know what Unanimity was; perhaps he never

would. He’d remain in the dark forever, wandering unenlightened.

But down belowdecks, it was painfully obvious that three large wooden

boxes among the many, each about as tall as his head, contained the assets

the Avatar had been searching for this whole time. How could he tell? The

muscle sitting in front of them.

Two men and one woman never left the containers’ sides. They took

their meals by themselves and slept in shifts. They were tall and powerfully

built. Based on their golden eyes, Kavik assumed all three were Fire Nation.

They might have been benders since they carried no weapons, but then

again, he doubted the wisdom of shooting flames inside a wooden ship.

Their size alone would have carried them through plenty of fights.

Kavik tried some small talk when the other crew members weren’t

around, volunteered to be the one who brought them food from the galley—

they ate massive quantities, easily double the rations of the other crew

members. But they were ferociously tight-lipped. The woman’s name was

Yingsu, the bearded man was Xiaoyun, and the guy with the long ears was

Thapa.

They did not want to play Sparrowbones with Kavik as a fourth.

He watched the shores of Bin-Er approach for the second time in his life.

During the first, the harbor had seemed so vast, a wide-open mouth ever

feeding.

But now he was coming at the continent from a different angle. A

bigger ship. And from the top deck, high above the waterline, Kavik noticed

signs of trouble before they got close enough to lower anchor.

Several piers at the far end had burned down to their posts, blackened

stumps sticking out of the water. Warehouse doors that normally would

have been kept wide open during daylight hours had been chained shut.

Men with clubs patrolled the docks, the actual longshoremen eyeing them

warily as they passed.

The shangs must have liked Teiin’s tactics at Gidu Shrine and hired

more headkickers. They’re only catching up to Chaisee’s level, he thought.

The Queen of Omashu was secured to her berth by expert hands moving

around Kavik, who was merely a stone in the river at this point. Hoists and

winches were quickly set up to reach across the deck and pluck cargo from

the hold. He shuffled out of the way, focusing his attention past the

warehouses. There were standoffs occurring all the way down the avenues

leading away from the docks, groups of men and women shouting curses,

chains of people with linked arms, broken wares strewn over the ground, as

if goods had been ambushed and destroyed on their routes deeper into the

city.

What happened while I was gone? he started to ask himself. But then he

realized his surprise was unfounded. He knew very well the wounds Bin-Er

hid under its bandages, and they’d begun to fester.

A team of harbormasters boarded the boat to check clearances. This

arrival had to be as clean as the dishes on the Earth King’s table. Kavik’s

cover, or rather Kalyaan’s, worked flawlessly, and the inspectors paid him

little mind.

He spotted Zongdu Henshe waiting by the unloading area for his prize.

Kavik had seen him at public events around Bin-Er; the word on the street

was that Henshe was basically the shangs’ lapdog. But did it matter how

fearsome his reputation was when he effectively held Kalyaan hostage?

Kavik gritted his teeth and kept out of Henshe’s line of sight.

The three huge guards, wrapped in bulky coats, walked down the

gangplank so they could watch the assets touch down on dry land. They

made a cordon around the unloading area by virtue of existing. Henshe

pressed closer but didn’t address them.

The elevated framework connecting the ship to the dock was completed.

The first Unanimity crate rose from the hold, needing the strength of several

men pulling on the hoist ropes, wooden spars groaning as the box levitated

underneath them, crossing from ship to shore. Kavik held his breath as the

assets made their descent. The final stage of the journey.

And then a small flame shot over his head. Less than a candle’s worth.

If he didn’t know better, he would have believed it came from Yingsu’s

fingers, while everyone was looking elsewhere. He turned around to see a

scorched, glowing wound eating deeper into the line. The hoist juddered

with each skein that gave way.

“Get back!” he and several people cried out at once. There was enough

warning to clear the immediate area, but not to save the cargo. The rope

snapped, and Unanimity fell crashing to the ground.

When the dust cleared, Kavik poked his head over the rail. The shang

men were in motion, screaming and shoving at the frightened dockworkers,

demanding to know where the fire had come from. The crate was destroyed,

its contents piled on the docks. Kavik stared in shock at the great secret,

exposed for all to see.

Unanimity . . . was a pile of stones. Chop seal blanks, to be precise.

That couldn’t—how—

Kavik searched for Henshe in the crowd. The zongdu of Bin-Er was

already walking away with the three shipment guards in tow, using the

distraction to avoid any further notice from the harbormasters. They

rounded the corner of a warehouse and disappeared.

You were so close with the logbook, was what Kalyaan had said.

Shipments have to be escorted by specific crew members during the

voyage, named in advance, was what the Avatar had said.

Henshe hadn’t cared about the physical goods. He’d only wanted a

particular delivery to occur because he needed the people who had been

cleared to travel with it from Jonduri to Bin-Er. They were the assets. They

were Unanimity.

Kavik shouted, incoherent, no plan in his head to form words. His voice

was lost in the din. He ran down the gangplank and ducked through scuffles

escalating into brawls until he reached the point where he’d lost sight of

Henshe and the other three.

But he was too late. They were gone.

OceanofPDF.com

CLARITY

In Bin-Er, the vortex was spinning. The crushing ice closed in, threatening

to smash, skewer anything caught inside. The fracas at the docks was only

the edge of the whirlpool.

Kavik headed deeper into Bin-Er to find that the residents had gone

from crowding the square to blocking the streets with barricades, some

earthbent or frozen into place, others simply construction debris heaped up

high. He learned that night skirmishes had been fought to maintain them

against the shang brutes seeking to unclog the flow of traffic and force

people back to work.

A few arteries through the city remained open to official business, but

everyone expected Earth King Feishan to step in soon. There were reports

of troops marching toward Bin-Er. Comeuppance for the shangs was at

hand, claimed some, gleefully. Others shook their heads in fear at the

prospect of an intervention. Who would the Earth King side with? Did he

even understand there were sides, or would he simply level the city and

start anew?

It was dangerous to cross town, he was warned over and over again by

shop owners through the cracks in the boards they’d nailed over their

windows, by mothers pulling their children back through their doors by the

men and women manning the barricades against the headkickers. Each

time, he gave his thanks and continued on his way over their concerns.

Someone had told him once that he had good moves. He could wriggle his

way through the dangers.

As far as Kavik was concerned, he’d done what his brother had asked.

The Avatar had been sent off to Port Tuugaq, oblivious to his betrayal, and

she’d missed the crucial shipment. Henshe had gotten his due and had no

further reason to threaten Kalyaan.

What was so special about those people that they were worth so much

trouble? At least one of them was a Firebender; likely all three were.

Kavik’s stomach contracted around a stone of uneasiness. He needed to

warn the Avatar of their terrible mistake, that the assets in question were

human beings. Unanimity had slipped past them and was in Bin-Er under

Henshe’s control.

Kalyaan had told him he could play both sides. All was not yet lost. He

had to find a messenger hawk, fast.

“It’s not your fault,” Boma said in the back room of the small inn he was

staying at.

Yangchen had introduced Kavik to her grouchy old advisor before they

departed from Bin-Er, over a cup of tea that was less a proper introduction

and more a chance to memorize each other’s faces. Boma’s frown hadn’t

changed, was still the same flat line chiseled into his block-of-stone

expression, but his gaze was kind and warm. He’d been surprised to see

Kavik come back without the Avatar, but the partial truth sufficed. Kavik

had been forced to accompany the Unanimity shipment by the association,

and now they needed to make the best of a bad scenario.

Boma believed the Avatar’s runner had done a good job under the

circumstances. And why wouldn’t he? Kavik withheld the facts about his

brother and his betrayal. He couldn’t risk Boma shutting him down,

refusing to believe him. A confession might have made the old man react

by apprehending Kavik and sitting tight until further notice from Yangchen.

Precious time would be lost.

He blinked away tears. Boma must have thought he was overcome with

guilt for not being able to stop the shipment. “We have to contact the Avatar

and tell her to come back to Bin-Er as fast as she can,” Kavik said. “She

might still be chasing the wrong leads in Port Tuugaq.”

“I’ll get a hawk to send to Port Tuugaq immediately,” Boma said. “But

what if she’s already left? If she went back to Jonduri, we won’t be able to

get word to her by aerial message; it’s why I couldn’t tell any of you how

bad the situation in Bin-Er was. She could be stuck on the island, waiting

for an update that’ll never come.”

Kavik had an answer for that, just not a good one. “She won’t linger in

Jonduri. If she goes back there, she’ll come straight here after, without

delay. I guarantee it.”

Boma looked uncertain. “Trust me,” Kavik said. “A bird to Port Tuugaq

is what we need to cover our options.”

The old man nodded and got up. He retrieved a small tube and a

miniature scroll from a satchel, along with ink and a fine brush.

“I’ll leave you to it while I go arrange for the hawk,” he said, handing

Kavik the supplies. “Write small.”

Boma didn’t even check the message Kavik had written before sending the

hawk. Trust me. He’d kept making the demand, and it kept working.

Kavik stayed at the inn over the next few days, unable to go home and

face his parents. Boma did him another kindness and checked up on them;

they were okay for now. Safe. Still laboring under the impression that their

youngest son was training with the Avatar.

During his time there, he slept fitfully through daylight hours, leaving

only to scout the city for Unanimity. He was trying to rid himself of the

conclusion that he’d done everything he could. Waiting made him feel

helpless. Hadn’t that been the origin of his troubles? The source of every

decision he’d made? He’d come back to the one place he didn’t want to be

and now he was waiting for the Avatar, waiting for the city’s time to run

out, waiting for something to shatter.

When he couldn’t take it anymore one night, he tried to reach the last

remaining presence in Bin-Er who could have granted him some stability.

The person who was bedrock, who had certainly weathered great troubles in

decades past. He went to visit Mama Ayunerak.

Only to be told at her door that she wasn’t there. She’d left the city.

In a daze, Kavik stumbled around her building to the trash pile where he

kept the loose brick with his house key. His feet had carried him out of

habit. He began to cry, haltingly and without tears, as if part of him still had

to be uncommitted, even in his deepest despair. He whispered a hoarse

request to the air above for any kind of relief.

He must have been heard by the spirits. And the skies had judged him

harshly, because they answered with a blooming ball of flame and a

thunderclap that knocked him to his hands and knees.

A whine in his ears. Scorching air licked the back of his neck. He looked up

and a halo of smoke drifted away, its source nowhere to be found.

While the streets weren’t as crowded as they used to be, there were still

some people about, and they were all as confused and frightened and

deafened as Kavik. Slowly, he and the other folks who had been flattened

by the sudden burst of heat and force got up, trying to understand what had

happened.

Through the ringing in his skull, Kavik heard a faint pop-pop sound, the

bouncing strike of fingers against a tightened drum. And then another burst

erupted further down the block.

He saw it fully this time. An expansion of light with the suddenness of a

noisemaker. But instead of a cloud of colorful pinpricks, it was a solid

sphere of angry pressure, a ball of fire in the sky. Dust and debris rippled

outward along the street and he shielded his eyes before he was blown

backward by a wave of air as powerful as any he’d seen the Avatar produce.

When he blinked away the grit, there was again no trace of the power

that had forced everyone to the ground. Around him, mouths opened in

screams. People crawled away in terror, scrambled to their feet, broke out

into a panicked stampede.

Nothing bad will happen if the Avatar doesn’t get her way.

Kavik still couldn’t hear the cries of the people running through the

street, but he could hear Kalyaan’s voice telling him before he left Jonduri

not to worry, that everything would be fine, Unanimity wasn’t so bad. It

would stabilize the situation in Bin-Er.

There was a third crack above the rooftops, distant enough that Kavik

only suffered the report and not the blast directly. The damage was getting

systematically spread over the city.

Don’t worry about it, had always been Kalyaan’s refrain. It had been the

case in Bin-Er, when Kavik confronted him about why he wasn’t coming

home much. And then again, further back in the past when they were stuck

in that fearsome blizzard, Kavik thinking for certain the two of them were

going to die.

How many times had he heard it during their march through the

blinding white, the stinging snow, the storm that plugged their tracks so

quickly that Kavik couldn’t be sure if they’d already perished, had left their

bodies, and were merely floating atop the drifts? We’ll be fine. I’m your

brother. I would never let anything bad happen.

As good a liar as Kavik was, he would only ever be second best in his

family.

His family. He had to reach his parents. He got up and ran around the

back of Ayunerak’s, toward the Water Tribe Quarter. People were

scrambling to get inside, abandoning their positions at barricades, fleeing

the streets. He raced alongside a group heading in the same direction, his

lungs burning. Some of them he recognized from Nuqingaq’s.

Another explosion at their right broke their stride. The members of his

little pack skidded on their heels, slipped, fell. Some had already begun to

kneel where they were to beseech the spirits for mercy, too scared to take

another step forward. Kavik turned his eyes away. He’d put his faith in the

wrong party too.

He left them and kept running until he reached the Water Tribe Quarter,

his house, and slammed his key repeatedly into the door, all misses from his

shaking hands, until he finally got it right, one small thing right, and

unlocked it.

Inside his parents huddled as far as they could from the walls, while

dust rained around them each time a fresh explosion struck. Their silent

relief when they saw his face was too much to bear. Kavik knelt down,

threw his arms around his terrified mother and father, and hugged them

harder than he ever had in his life.

“Kavik, where is the Avatar?” his mother asked through her tears. “Why

isn’t she here? Why isn’t she with you?”

The one person who could have stood up to the nightmare in the sky,

who saw the shangs and the zongdus and Unanimity for the brewing

disasters they were, who had been right about everything the whole time

except for her choice in friends, was somewhere far away across the sea.

And that was Kavik’s doing.

“She’ll be here soon,” he said, rocking his parents in his arms, a mirror

of the comfort they had given him as a child. “She’ll fix this.” Have faith.

They stayed in their house as much as possible. A peek through the

windows at the empty lanes of the Water Tribe Quarter told them their

neighbors had fled indoors too.

The city was completely dark at night. No one put up visible lights in

their homes out of fear they’d draw the attention of the angry spirits above.

Nor could anyone sleep through the noise, which sometimes arrived in

walking barrages that crept closer and lower, descending, stalking, until

Kavik was certain the final strikes would come crashing through his roof.

Within a short span, it seemed like the whole of Bin-Er had been beaten

into submission. The residents of the city were being punished by forces

beyond their comprehension. Henshe had secured his version of stability.

Kavik wasn’t sure how Firebenders in his employ could be so powerful,

what kind of technique allowed them to create explosions from afar, but he

was certain the zongdu could no longer be challenged as long as he retained

control over Unanimity.

Dazed by a lack of sleep, he lost track of how long it had been since

he’d returned to Bin-Er. When the knock came at his door, he jumped,

fearing any sound that resembled the faint tapping that could sometimes be

heard before the greater concussions.

He kept his parents away from the entrance. Before opening the door, he

pressed himself against the wall with water in hand. Gingerly, he unlatched

it and peeked through the crack. Once he saw who it was, Kavik let the door

swing fully open and stood face-to-face with his visitor.

Jujinta stared at him for a good long minute. He leaned to the side to

look past Kavik’s shoulder, at his bewildered parents crouched in the corner

behind the desk. He took in as much of the house as he could see from the

threshold, before finally returning his attention to Kavik.

With great care Jujinta reached into his collar and pulled out the bison

whistle Kavik had given to him before leaving Jonduri, along with

instructions to use it whenever he meditated alone or made offerings to the

spirits at shrines by himself. “You were right,” he said, placing it back into

Kavik’s hands. “The answer came to me.”

He was a changed man. Before, whenever they’d spoken, Jujinta’s eyes

had always been slightly vacant and dull, as if part of him were trapped in

another place and time. But now he was fully present. He shone with inner

purpose. Meeting the Avatar face-to-face could do that to a person.

The fact that he was at Kavik’s door with the whistle said the rest. The

message to Yangchen had been successfully passed on. The Avatar was in

Bin-Er.

for you.”

“Come on,” Jujinta said, never one to waste words. “Everyone’s waiting

THE DISPLAY

Henshe, who was arguably the most powerful man on the continent right

now, had been reduced to a glorified porter. The three Firebenders—he had

no other label for them that fit—ate voraciously, and they were leaving their

stations too frequently for food. Given that he was the only person in the

city he trusted with the secret of their existence, he went and fetched their

meals himself.