Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 17)

she was trying to provoke Yingsu into blasting it apart midair , which would have given him a chance to run. But the dug-in Firebender didn’ t take the
bait. The rock crashed through the wall and went unanswered. Even if it had been aimed well, she’d probably just moved out of its way and saved her
return shot.
Which meant they were at a stalemate.
Kavik didn’t dare make a sound in case he gave away his exact location.
He was pinned. But strangely enough, he was calm, unafraid, accepting of his circu mstances. He didn’ t need to panic. The Avatar ’s blessing would
protect him.
He’s going to die, Yangchen thought. Kavik was going to die just out of her reach, and she was going to watch it happen. She crumpled against the wall
of the empty , half-ruined house she was hiding behind, coveri ng her face,
her breath loud in the hollow of her hands. His death would be on her shoulders. Her fault.
“It will be all right.” She looked up to see Jujinta staring at her .
On her return to Jonduri from Port Tuugaq. Nujian had diverted his flight path and beelined for an isolated meadow where a strange boy, not
Kavik, was meditating and blowing on her bison whistle with every exhalation. Y angchen’ s surprise was immense. So was the boy’ s.
Nujian came roaring down from the sky into the empty field, thinking the whistle meant someone needed rescuing. The impact of the Avatar
appearing durin g his prayers had resonated deep within Jujinta, who introduced himself as a friend of Kavik’ s. After he relayed a simple
message that Jonduri wasn’ t safe and Yangchen had to get back to Bin-Er ,
his stony visage crumbled and he’d fallen to her feet, weeping.
She’d had to improvise quickly , figure out the intentions behind Kavik’ s ploy. Yangchen played the part of the gentle, compassionate nun and took
Jujinta with her , along with her safe house runners.
And now here they were, the oddest pair, their situations reversed.
Jujinta comforting her . He took things in stride very well.
“We who serve you will not let you down,” Jujinta said. She hadn’ t been able to refuse his declaration of undying loyalty in Jonduri. “Look. Your
men return.”

From deeper within the city, Akuudan and Tayagum came running toward them, staying out of sight of the gathering hall, heads ducked low
out of an abund ance of caution. Tayagum had a long, thin wooden case in one hand and a sealskin bundle in the other . They crouched into position
next to Y angchen and Jujinta.
“Did you bring what I asked for?” Jujinta said.
“It wasn’t easy on short notic e.” Tayagum opened the box. He and
Akuudan had also been forced to accept Jujinta quickly . With Bin-Er a smoking wreck, no one was going to decline a fresh ally .
Inside the case was an unstrung bow. Jujinta reached for it but hesitated,
closing his eyes and flexing his fingers as if the grip would corrode him if he touched it.
“You’re violating an oath right now, aren’ t you?” Yangchen said. “A
taboo.” From the memories of one of her past lives, she understood the meaning of his scoured nose, his penitent rituals, his self-imposed exile.
“This is more important.” Jujinta overcame his reservations and picked up the bow. In his hands the weapon seemed to pour new life, or rather an
old one, into the rest of his body like a withered plant receiving water after a drought.
He strun g it deftly and drew on the string without releasing several times to test the weight, using his thumb despite not having a ring.
“Ironspruce,” he muttered to himself. “Water Tribe make, cable-backed,
about one and a quarter shi. Original owner taller than me. Give me the arrows.”
Tayagum presented the quiver . Jujinta immediately tossed aside most of the arrows for not meeting some unspoken standard. Down to two, he
hefted them, rolled them between his fingers while sighting along their shafts, examined the feathered fletching.
“I can make the shot,” he declared, notching the winning arrow to the bowstring. “The problem is, there are too many spots she could be in, and I
need enough time to acquire her. We have to get her to a window for a few seconds, but without her immediately blowing us to pieces.”
Yangchen thoug ht it over. In a moment of clouds parting, she landed on the one act she had not done intentionally this whole time while she’d
waged her battle of secrets with the shangs, Henshe, and Chaise e. She knew
Akuudan and T ayagum would object if she told them her idea.

So she simply went for it.
Before anyone could react, Yangchen got up, took off her cloak, and walked into the middle of the empty street, revealing herself openly to her
foe. She would end the deception. She would be herself.
She spread her arms wide as she walked toward the gathering hall, a bright orange and yellow target in the empty street. Yangchen ignored the
screams of Tayagum and Akuu dan and Kavik. She focused her lungs and bellowed in Yingsu’ s direction, her natural loudness never so handy before
now.
“YOU ST AND BEFORE THE A VATAR!”
Her challenge boomed through the air. What else could a pacifist do but raise their voice and hope for the best?
Each step she took was on borrowed time. She didn’ t want to enter the
Avatar State; there was too great a chance she’d be killed inside it. The cycle of reincarnation would end, leaving the Four Nations without their
protector .
Will you take the life of an Air Nomad? she thought. Would you destr oy the bridge between humans and spirits? Do you have a line you won’ t
cross? In her mind, she was addressing more people than the one
Firebender in the gathering hall. She saw Kavik start to rise from his cover and knocked him back down with a gust of air . This danger was hers alone.
“WE WILL TALK!” If anyone outside her team was watching, it would have looked like she was besee ching an angry spirit, hardly different from
her dealings with the phoenix-ee ls or Old Iron. Yangchen was struck by the fact that she was putting almost as much trust in her enemy as she was her
own people. “WE WILL COME T O TERMS!”
There was silence following her declaration. Maybe the last member of
Unanimity had decided to relent.
And then Y angchen heard a faint pop-pop .
She should have known better . In her heart she did know better , because her burst of airbending-powere d speed was quick enough to save herself.
She sprinted forward, just clear of the blast, the shockwave adding more force to her back than she could handle. Yangchen tumbled along the
ground, rolling like a clump of dried weeds in the desert, cradling her own head for protection. Through the din of the explosion, she thought she

detected the airflow of an arrow in flight, a single note rising above a chorus, but she could have been imagining it.
Her mom entum carried her back to her feet and she finished the run to the gathering hall, ramming an entrance for herself with a chunk of earth
instead of bothering with the door. The assembly room looked the same as she reme mbered from her meeting with the shangs: empty benches, the dais
where she’d sat. There was a small balcony higher up. If she’d been right about the arrow , the last Firebender was behind the door .
Yangchen leaped to the balcony , generating wind to twirl her higher , and she landed as quietly as she could. She steeled herself for what she was
about to do, and she was glad she was alone. Henshe had the measure of it.
She’d neutralized him and the other members of Unanimity by using a vile ability , one she could not let anyone know about.
She put her hands out, and for the third time today , prepared to remove the air from the room behind the door .
Anyone trapped inside the sphere of emptiness she created would become unable to breathe and lose consciousness in little more than ten
seconds. Death would follow shortly after if she kept it going. And the most frightening part was they’d never see it happening.
There was only an unreliable sliver of time in which she could maintain the technique and remain true to Air Nomad principles of holding life
sacred. One mistake and she’d be matching lethality with lethality . Paying back the destructiveness of Unanimity with bending just as insidious. A
perfectly even transaction—
Yangchen paused.
No. She still had a choice. Retal iating with full force would be common sense in this situation, the wise thing to do. But her instincts, the silence
from her foe, told her to take a step back. She lowered her hands and opened the door , exposing herself yet again to attack.
The room leadin g to the balcon y was a small lounge with a changing screen and a desk that folded into the wall. Inside, a tall Fire Nation woman
matching Kavik’ s description of Yingsu sat slumped in the corner . Her long braids were gathered tightly back to keep them away from her forehead, her
high hairline making her resemble an Air Nomad a little. She clutched the arrow stuck under her collarbo ne. Dark arterial blood spilled out from
around the shaft.

Yingsu stared at her with a face growing paler by the second. Yangchen rushed to the window to gather snow from the sill, melted it between her
hands, and then slid next to the Firebender , applying the liquid to her wound. The injury was serious. Had Yangchen taken the air from the room,
it would have killed her instantly .
Removing the arrow would be tricky; stabilizing her patient came first.
“Don’ t move,” she said to Y ingsu. “No one’ s dying today .”
Yingsu’ s head made small circles, round and round, as if she were contemplating the ridiculousness of being saved by the Avatar , whom she’d
tried to vaporize moments ago. A futile exercise in Yangche n’s opinion,
trying to make sense of the world and the people in it.
The woman gave up and close d her golden eyes. “Thank you,” she muttered.
OceanofPDF .com

R E C O N C I L I N G
Kavik sat alone in his room and waited.
He shouldn’ t have been as scare d as he was for the Avatar ’s safety. All three members of Unanimity had been picked up. The only force in the
world that could have challenged her power on an individual level had been dealt with.
And yet, when the knock came at his door and Yangchen poked her head inside, he was as relieved as he’d ever been in his life. He was clearly
not cut out for the management side of missions, where he had to fret and hope the action had gone cleanly . “Can I come in?” she asked.
He let her sit on the bed again. She was wearing the same outfit as she’d worn at the Golden Cloudberry teahouse. “I asked your parents to leave the
house for a bit,” she said. “I had to come up with an excuse for why I was dressed like this.”
“No wig?” She was relying solely on her hood to hide her tattoos.
“No wig.”
Their patter was strained. Until now they’d been able to talk solely about the mission, locating the Firebenders, figuring out how to strike fast,
take them down. But not anymore.
They could start with the easier, obvious topic. “Jujinta,” Yangchen said.
“Jujinta,” Kavik echoed, nodding.
Yangchen rubbed her face. “A risky recruitment,” she said. “But a successful one. You saw his potential. You appraised his state of mind, his
vulnerabilities, and the probability he could be convinced to act against his previous loyalties.”
“I turned him.” There was no boast in Kavik’ s statement. Manipulating
Jujinta by taking advantage of his troubles was certainly up there on his list of horrib le deed s. But at the time, his partner was the only means he could
think of to deliver Yangchen a message without tipping Chaisee’ s

association off. They weren’ t watching Jujinta and had no reaso n to suspect him of anything.
“Well, I have a new companion now,” Yangchen said. “Whether I
wanted one or not.”
Jujinta’ s presence, along with Akuudan and Tayagum, meant that
Yangchen had gone back to Jonduri first. There, the only thing she would have been told was to get back to Bin-Er as fast as possible. She would
have deduced the Unanimity shipment had slipped past them and Kavik would have looked like he was heroically doing the best he could for the
Avatar under dire circumstances . “Where are the others?” he asked. “Where is everyone?”
“They’re safe,” was all she said.
He sensed the wheel turning to its inexorable final position. “I also sent a message to Port Tuugaq for you. I didn’ t know which city you’d be in. I
had to cover both possibilities.”
Yangchen reach ed into her robes and pulled out a small wooden cylinder . She held it between her thumb and finger , like an apoth ecary’ s pill
that would spread and bubble if dropped into water . The seal on it had been broken.
“I left Port Tuugaq before it arrived, thinking the two of us were simply wrong about the Sunbeam, ” she said. Her finger tensed over the cylinder ,
her nail whitening under the strain. “The only reason I know what’ s in this message right now is because the hawk you sent returned to Bin-Er after I
wasn’ t there to receive it in Port T uugaq.”
“I’m glad it did,” Kavik said, a pain in his throat.
The message she held, the one he’d sent with Boma’ s help, contained the additional information he’d learned after leaving Jonduri. It said
Unanimity was three people, Firebenders, and gave their descriptions in case Kavik was unable to make contact again with Y angchen in person.
And it also contained Kavik’ s admission that he had betrayed her .
He’d burned himself. He’d told Yangchen about his brother . He’d told her everything Kalyaan had told him.
He’d written very small.
“You didn’ t need to send this message,” Yangchen said, her voice cracking. “You could have let the situation play out. I would never have

discovered you turned on me, and we still would have taken down
Unanimity in Bin-Er , together .”
She was wrong about that. More than anything, Kavik had to put his betrayal in writing and make sure he couldn’ t take it back. He hadn’t trusted
himself to confess in person. He’d wanted a clean conscience and had grasped at the first available means. “How long ago did you read it?”
“It was waiting for me when I linked up with Boma.”
So she’d been pretending everything was fine between them throughout the hunt for the Firebenders. For the sake of the mission, she’d kept up the
act. “What about the others?” His eyes stung. “Did you tell them?”
“Do you want me to?”
“Yes.” He found it easy to say. He’d put them all at risk with his lies.
They deserved to know the truth.
Yangchen shivered like she was fighting back an explosion of her own.
“I need you to understand something. When you sided with your brother over me, gave me the runaround, and threw away our chance to stop
Unanimity from reaching Bin-Er , you unleashed the worst sort of information possible. Y ou created a ripple that cannot be smoothed.”
It didn’ t matter that Kavik hadn’t known what Unanimity was during the moment he turned on her. He should have taken the Avatar ’s word
instead of Kalyaan’ s. “A small man like Zongdu Henshe did this to his own city for money ,” Yangc hen said. “I suppose I should be grateful that he and
Chaisee have no loyalties other than to themselves. If someo ne like the
Earth King got their hands on it . . .”
She shook her head and took a deep breath. “Behind closed doors, the leaders of the Four Nations are still at each other ’s throats, tensions ready to
be inflam ed by the slightest spark. If they knew a human being outside of the Avatar could possess such extreme power , they’d do anything to control
it. The world itself might combust.”
Kavik had put his thumb on the scales. Kalyaan would be proud. “I
understand,” he said. There wasn’t enough gall in the universe to mount an apology .
Yangchen pulled her knees to her chest like she’d done ages ago, in a different era. She rocked herself as if trying to find solace where no one else
could give it. “Y ou know what the worst part about this is?”

She trailed off, a long pause to gather her thoughts. Surely , she had difficulty choosing between so many bad parts. “In the moment you decided
to come clean, some part of me knows you were uncompelled. My inner voice, mine, is telling me you had no ulterior motive, that you were simply
being honest with me for the first time.”
She cleared her throat. “And I can’ t afford to listen to that voice. There’ s a chance you’re manipulating me still. You may have only told me about
your brother because you want my help extracting him from Chaisee’ s organization.”
Kavik genuinely hadn’ t thought of that. She was a step ahead of him,
playing both of their turns. There was no way he could refute her accusation, given the facts.
Yangchen was right. Kalyaan had staved off the threat of Henshe, but at the cost of acting against Chaisee’ s interests. It was only a matter of time
before the Zong du of Jonduri found out what Kalyaan had done, and then his formerly invincible luck would run out. Kavik’ s brother was in more
danger than he’d ever been. Unless the A vatar could save him.
Kavik hadn’ t seen the hidden spiral of logic, but Y angchen had. And she was forced to give him credit when he didn’ t want any. “I can’t take you at
face value anym ore,” she said. “You’ve denied me that luxury . I can’t even trust your confession, Kavik.”
Again, he understood. And yet the questions poured out of his mouth anyway , rapidly , as if he were trying to test a barrel for cracks. “What are
you going to do with the Firebenders?”
“I don’ t think that’ s for you to know anymore.”
“What about Henshe and Chaisee? What’ s going to happen to them?”
“Not for you to know .”
“What are you going to do with me?”
Here she took longer to answer , and by the time she did her eyes were dry. Her voice collected and crisp. “What am I going to do with you? I’m
not sure yet. But you don’t have to worry . With all the information in your head, and all the ways you’re connected, you’re more valuab le than you
ever were before.”
The day Kavik first met the Avatar, he’d explained the mantra by which
Bin-Er operated. You’re not worth anything until someone else decides you are. She had gotten truly upset, down to her core. Then later, when they

were discussing his payment in exit passes, she’d nearly balked at their deal, simply because she was uncomfortable with the idea of using him.
And now, she spoke as if he were grist for the mill. As if the kindest,
fiercest, most giving part of her had broken completely . “I made a mistake in trusting you, Kavik,” Yangchen said. “You’re not one of my
companions.”
She stood up from his bed and squared her shoulders. “But you might still be one of my assets.”
OceanofPDF .com

THE EARTH KING
It was a warm spell in winter for the Middle Ring of Ba Sing Se. The sun glinted off layers of thick wet snow, and every so often a hiss would come
from the gabled roofs as a miniature avalanche revealed streaks of green tiles trimmed in gold paint. The waters of the canals flowed freely under
crackling-thin sheets of ice. Children plunked holes in the frozen surface,
tossing any heavy object they could find until their parents scolded them.
Wide-brimmed hats to protect from the glare were reasonable.
Yangchen wore one as part of her disguise as she walked up to the counter of an open-air rice wine shop. There was no one else around, so she ordered
a bottle from a particular obscure brewer . By an existing arrangement, it came filled with water so she could drink from it convincingly . She waited
and watched the children play .
Earlier that morning, dressed in her full regalia as befitting an Air
Avatar visiting an Earth King, she’d landed Nujian down on the meridian of the outer court of the Royal Palace. In between the cloud-wing ed huabiao,
with the tiered staircase the size of some small hillside villages looming overhead, Yangchen had been greeted by an army of servants, courtiers,
ministers, and attendants bowing silently in ancient custom.
And then she’d been turned away. The Earth King would not be able to make their appo intment, and she’d have to speak with him later. A specific
phrase was used to cap the denial of her audience. His Majesty invites you to enjoy the splendors of his city in the meantime.
She made sure to look like she was appropriately dejected. I must decline, for spiritual matters call me elsewher e.
Now she was here in the Middle Ring, waiting, growing a little concerned about how close some of the children were coming to the canal’ s
edge. A man in rough laborer ’s clothes pushed a few of them back to safety as he walked toward her. He approached the wine shop and took the spot

next to her. As he settled in, he tapped the counter with his middle three fingers. Y angchen did the same in return.
Earth King Feishan was twenty -eight, skinny , with sunken cheeks. He looked neither like a soldier who’d smashed his opposition at Llama-paca’ s
Crossing, nor a politician capable of transforming his wrath into reality following the Platinum Affair. A kerchief around his head was enough to
finish the simple but extremely effective disguise. An Earth King was forever crowned ; changing his silhouette to match a commo ner’s made
Feishan unrecognizable.
He’d demanded that she commit to this ritual should she ever be turned away at his door with the coded passphrase. It meant he wanted to talk in a
safe location far from the spy-in fested palace. On rare occasions she could be glad for His Majesty’ s paran oia and the resulting chances to speak with
him privately , but today she was going to have to walk a knife’ s edge.
Feishan partook of her water and glanced around to make sure no one was in hearing distance. “I’d like to know what happened in Bin-Er ,” he
said in a pleasant, melodic voice. “I have the vague reports of fireballs in the sky from hundreds of terrified soldiers. A more detailed perspective
would be appreciated since you were there recently .”
A reasonable request. Coming from a man not prone to those. Yangchen cut away her hesitation with a butcher ’s dispassion. She banished her
remorse, her shame, her principl es. All that mattered now was her ability to spin the tale.
“Your Majesty , there is a great truth that gurus know ,” she began.
“Human suffering begets turmo il in the Spirit World. Our fears, our greed,
our hatre ds are mirrored there.” She rolled her glass between her fingers. “I
have seen it happen with my own two eyes, how a spirit can turn dark in the presence of humanity’ s weakness.”
Feishan was as observant a person as she’d ever met. He would know she was telling a truth born of personal loss. Did it lessen her memories of
Jetsun to involve them in a ploy?
It was her own pain, Y angchen decided. She could use it as she wished.
“Bin-Er was a broken place that could not sustain itself,” she said. “As the situation deteriorated in the physical city, so too did the light in its local
spirits. A land defends itself, Your Majesty . Sometimes with great violence,
like in Tienhaishi, sometimes with silent plagues, like in Ma’inka. I

encourage you to talk to the leaders of the Saowon clan for their perspective.”
The Saowon would spit vitriol about the Avatar ’s inability to contain spirits, even though it was Yangchen’ s inability to check huma ns that had
led to the near-disaster with the phoenix-eels. The important thing was that if the Earth King did manage to investigate the matter , he’d hear a truth
born of rage and blame. Spirits. It was the spirits. The bridge between worlds failed. The A vatar failed to fix our pr oblem.
Unlike the shangs, King Feishan was a patient listener when he wanted to be. An embodiment of neutral jing. Stillness before the sword stroke. He
let her continue.
“Eventually , Bin-Er fell too far out of balance. There was a great upheaval above the city. Dark entities manifested as flowers of thunder and
flame, blooming in the sky . I did what I could to appease them.”
“Did you succeed?”
Truth born of her shortcoming s. “I—no. Not yet. So great was their anger that I couldn’ t placate them on my own. I had to enlist help from my
brothers at the Northern Air Temple. They are tending to the city with alms and blessings. Their presence seems to have calmed the spirits, but our
work is not yet done.”
That last statement let Feishan know the young Avatar had resorted to begging aid from her elders. But also that there were large numbers of
Airbenders in Bin-Er for the time being. If the Earth King’ s forces marched straight in, looking for violence, it would be poor form in front of so many
members of her nation.
Holding up a shield like it would protect against an avalanche. “I’ve lost a lot of revenue from the disorde r in Bin-Er ,” Feishan said. “A lot of face as
well.”
“You didn’ t have to. This was your own fault.”
The Earth King’ s anger flared in the form of a jaw twitch, a lip curl. An actual strategic provocation on Yangchen’ s part this time. Extremely risky ,
but fully intentional. “Your Majesty , out of complacency , you let the shangs mismanage the city until neither human nor spirit could thrive. Under your
watch they carelessly reaped without sowing back. You have only yourself to blame.”

It was a good thing they were alone. What kind of fool would insult the
Earth King to his face? An honest one, Feishan would hopefu lly assume.
“There was and still is a better way,” Yangchen said. Now that she’d riled him, she had to strike quickly at his desires. “I can develop a plan for you
that eases the burden of Bin-E r’s residents, while providing you more revenue from the city than ever before. More than any zongdu has ever
brought to your cof fers.”
The Earth King scoffed, which meant he at least heard her, instead of having his ears plugged by fury. “What would an Air Nomad know of
administration?”
“Very little,” Yangchen said. “But Avatar Szeto, on the other hand,
knows a great deal.”
The sudden gleam in Feishan’ s eye meant she’d hooked him. “Are you saying you can run Bin-Er precisely as he would, if he were alive? Have
him guide you step-by-step? Y ou could consult him on every decision you’d make?”
She could not. Connecting with her past lives did not work quite like how Feishan was imagining it. She could see previous Avatar ’s memories,
experience their emotions throug hout the pivotal moments of their eras. But as far as she could tell, her past lives couldn’ t form new opinio ns or fresh
predictions or make decisions for her in the present world, no matter how conversational the interaction between ancient memories and current
information played out during a session of communing.
Avatar Szeto had never seen a shang city. He had never dealt with a situation exactly like the Platinum Affair or an Earth King exactly like
Feishan. He would never develop plans on her behalf or whisper in her ear the perfect choice at each juncture.
“Yes,” Yangchen lied. “My predecessor would be the one making the calls. Not me. My involvement would be minimal.”
Her boldest, falsest claim yet. There was no world where Avatar
Yangchen could split herself entirely away from her past lives. It was impossible to remove her own identity from the scales. But Feishan didn’ t
need to know that right now .
The Earth King mulled over her proposal. The skills of a legendary administrator , enriching his treasury. What leader could resist? “I’d want to
see those increases in revenue before too long.”

“Of course.” Much of her wild promise would have to come from utilizing the city’s harbor at the full capacity the shangs had been doing
before she arrived. The extra ships. She’d split the money from the previously unreported traffic between Feishan and the people of Bin-Er .
The shangs themselves would contribute to both recipients where necessary ,
given the fact that she was the only person keeping their involvement in
Unanimity a secret from the Earth King. “With you backing me, I can work with Zongdu Henshe to get meaningful—”
“The man is supposedly nowhere to be found,” Feishan interrupted.
Yangchen furro wed her brow . “What do you mean? Did he go somewhere? I know he was one of the few people in the city with extensive
travel rights.”
“If I knew where he was, he would be found.”
She accepted the retort. “Still. With your backing, I can ease the city’s troubles in the physical realm and the spiritual. I can see to the suffering of
its resid ents and your coffers both. Withdraw your troops and let me endeavor to restore balance.”
She’d spoken out of both sides of her mouth many times in the past, but never to this extent, to someone as important as the Earth King. It was . . .
easy. After everything she’d been through, it was easy. She’d been pushed to the brink and found there was always more brink to discover . If Feishan
agreed, then gradually , careful ly, she would start feeding in the crucial components of real relief for Bin-Er . An opening of movemen t for people
beyond Air Nomads. Better conditions for those who wanted to stay. A
solid foundation for the future.
The Earth King examined her one last time before nodding. “I will lend you my support,” he said. “Together we will bring prosperity to Bin-Er
again.”
She tested her luck one more time. “The reformed city might serve as a model for the Lower Ring. A stable and happy capital is a secure capital, is
it not?”
Feishan was actually one of the better Earth Kings when it came to looking after the poorest citizen s of Ba Sing Se. Either it appealed to his
sense of authority , or he was aware that the Lower Ring essentially formed a siege line around the Middle and Upper Rings. He smirked, knowing she
was being greedy in her own way . “We’ll see, A vatar . We shall see.”