Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 18)

wrong about the Sunbeam,” she said. Her finger tensed over the cylinder,

her nail whitening under the strain. “The only reason I know what’s in this

message right now is because the hawk you sent returned to Bin-Er after I

wasn’t there to receive it in Port Tuugaq.”

“I’m glad it did,” Kavik said, a pain in his throat.

The message she held, the one he’d sent with Boma’s help, contained

the additional information he’d learned after leaving Jonduri. It said

Unanimity was three people, Firebenders, and gave their descriptions in

case Kavik was unable to make contact again with Yangchen in person.

And it also contained Kavik’s admission that he had betrayed her.

He’d burned himself. He’d told Yangchen about his brother. He’d told

her everything Kalyaan had told him.

He’d written very small.

“You didn’t need to send this message,” Yangchen said, her voice

cracking. “You could have let the situation play out. I would never have

discovered you turned on me, and we still would have taken down

Unanimity in Bin-Er, together.”

She was wrong about that. More than anything, Kavik had to put his

betrayal in writing and make sure he couldn’t take it back. He hadn’t trusted

himself to confess in person. He’d wanted a clean conscience and had

grasped at the first available means. “How long ago did you read it?”

“It was waiting for me when I linked up with Boma.”

So she’d been pretending everything was fine between them throughout

the hunt for the Firebenders. For the sake of the mission, she’d kept up the

act. “What about the others?” His eyes stung. “Did you tell them?”

“Do you want me to?”

“Yes.” He found it easy to say. He’d put them all at risk with his lies.

They deserved to know the truth.

Yangchen shivered like she was fighting back an explosion of her own.

“I need you to understand something. When you sided with your brother

over me, gave me the runaround, and threw away our chance to stop

Unanimity from reaching Bin-Er, you unleashed the worst sort of

information possible. You created a ripple that cannot be smoothed.”

It didn’t matter that Kavik hadn’t known what Unanimity was during

the moment he turned on her. He should have taken the Avatar’s word

instead of Kalyaan’s. “A small man like Zongdu Henshe did this to his own

city for money,” Yangchen said. “I suppose I should be grateful that he and

Chaisee have no loyalties other than to themselves. If someone like the

Earth King got their hands on it . . .”

She shook her head and took a deep breath. “Behind closed doors, the

leaders of the Four Nations are still at each other’s throats, tensions ready to

be inflamed by the slightest spark. If they knew a human being outside of

the Avatar could possess such extreme power, they’d do anything to control

it. The world itself might combust.”

Kavik had put his thumb on the scales. Kalyaan would be proud. “I

understand,” he said. There wasn’t enough gall in the universe to mount an

apology.

Yangchen pulled her knees to her chest like she’d done ages ago, in a

different era. She rocked herself as if trying to find solace where no one else

could give it. “You know what the worst part about this is?”

She trailed off, a long pause to gather her thoughts. Surely, she had

difficulty choosing between so many bad parts. “In the moment you decided

to come clean, some part of me knows you were uncompelled. My inner

voice, mine, is telling me you had no ulterior motive, that you were simply

being honest with me for the first time.”

She cleared her throat. “And I can’t afford to listen to that voice. There’s

a chance you’re manipulating me still. You may have only told me about

your brother because you want my help extracting him from Chaisee’s

organization.”

Kavik genuinely hadn’t thought of that. She was a step ahead of him,

playing both of their turns. There was no way he could refute her

accusation, given the facts.

Yangchen was right. Kalyaan had staved off the threat of Henshe, but at

the cost of acting against Chaisee’s interests. It was only a matter of time

before the Zongdu of Jonduri found out what Kalyaan had done, and then

his formerly invincible luck would run out. Kavik’s brother was in more

danger than he’d ever been. Unless the Avatar could save him.

Kavik hadn’t seen the hidden spiral of logic, but Yangchen had. And she

was forced to give him credit when he didn’t want any. “I can’t take you at

face value anymore,” she said. “You’ve denied me that luxury. I can’t even

trust your confession, Kavik.”

Again, he understood. And yet the questions poured out of his mouth

anyway, rapidly, as if he were trying to test a barrel for cracks. “What are

you going to do with the Firebenders?”

“I don’t think that’s for you to know anymore.”

“What about Henshe and Chaisee? What’s going to happen to them?”

“Not for you to know.”

“What are you going to do with me?”

Here she took longer to answer, and by the time she did her eyes were

dry. Her voice collected and crisp. “What am I going to do with you? I’m

not sure yet. But you don’t have to worry. With all the information in your

head, and all the ways you’re connected, you’re more valuable than you

ever were before.”

The day Kavik first met the Avatar, he’d explained the mantra by which

Bin-Er operated. You’re not worth anything until someone else decides you

are. She had gotten truly upset, down to her core. Then later, when they

were discussing his payment in exit passes, she’d nearly balked at their

deal, simply because she was uncomfortable with the idea of using him.

And now, she spoke as if he were grist for the mill. As if the kindest,

fiercest, most giving part of her had broken completely. “I made a mistake

in trusting you, Kavik,” Yangchen said. “You’re not one of my

companions.”

She stood up from his bed and squared her shoulders. “But you might

still be one of my assets.”

THE EARTH KING

It was a warm spell in winter for the Middle Ring of Ba Sing Se. The sun

glinted off layers of thick wet snow, and every so often a hiss would come

from the gabled roofs as a miniature avalanche revealed streaks of green

tiles trimmed in gold paint. The waters of the canals flowed freely under

crackling-thin sheets of ice. Children plunked holes in the frozen surface,

tossing any heavy object they could find until their parents scolded them.

Wide-brimmed hats to protect from the glare were reasonable.

Yangchen wore one as part of her disguise as she walked up to the counter

of an open-air rice wine shop. There was no one else around, so she ordered

a bottle from a particular obscure brewer. By an existing arrangement, it

came filled with water so she could drink from it convincingly. She waited

and watched the children play.

Earlier that morning, dressed in her full regalia as befitting an Air

Avatar visiting an Earth King, she’d landed Nujian down on the meridian of

the outer court of the Royal Palace. In between the cloud-winged huabiao,

with the tiered staircase the size of some small hillside villages looming

overhead, Yangchen had been greeted by an army of servants, courtiers,

ministers, and attendants bowing silently in ancient custom.

And then she’d been turned away. The Earth King would not be able to

make their appointment, and she’d have to speak with him later. A specific

phrase was used to cap the denial of her audience. His Majesty invites you

to enjoy the splendors of his city in the meantime.

She made sure to look like she was appropriately dejected. I must

decline, for spiritual matters call me elsewhere.

Now she was here in the Middle Ring, waiting, growing a little

concerned about how close some of the children were coming to the canal’s

edge. A man in rough laborer’s clothes pushed a few of them back to safety

as he walked toward her. He approached the wine shop and took the spot

next to her. As he settled in, he tapped the counter with his middle three

fingers. Yangchen did the same in return.

Earth King Feishan was twenty-eight, skinny, with sunken cheeks. He

looked neither like a soldier who’d smashed his opposition at Llama-paca’s

Crossing, nor a politician capable of transforming his wrath into reality

following the Platinum Affair. A kerchief around his head was enough to

finish the simple but extremely effective disguise. An Earth King was

forever crowned; changing his silhouette to match a commoner’s made

Feishan unrecognizable.

He’d demanded that she commit to this ritual should she ever be turned

away at his door with the coded passphrase. It meant he wanted to talk in a

safe location far from the spy-infested palace. On rare occasions she could

be glad for His Majesty’s paranoia and the resulting chances to speak with

him privately, but today she was going to have to walk a knife’s edge.

Feishan partook of her water and glanced around to make sure no one

was in hearing distance. “I’d like to know what happened in Bin-Er,” he

said in a pleasant, melodic voice. “I have the vague reports of fireballs in

the sky from hundreds of terrified soldiers. A more detailed perspective

would be appreciated since you were there recently.”

A reasonable request. Coming from a man not prone to those. Yangchen

cut away her hesitation with a butcher’s dispassion. She banished her

remorse, her shame, her principles. All that mattered now was her ability to

spin the tale.

“Your Majesty, there is a great truth that gurus know,” she began.

“Human suffering begets turmoil in the Spirit World. Our fears, our greed,

our hatreds are mirrored there.” She rolled her glass between her fingers. “I

have seen it happen with my own two eyes, how a spirit can turn dark in the

presence of humanity’s weakness.”

Feishan was as observant a person as she’d ever met. He would know

she was telling a truth born of personal loss. Did it lessen her memories of

Jetsun to involve them in a ploy?

It was her own pain, Yangchen decided. She could use it as she wished.

“Bin-Er was a broken place that could not sustain itself,” she said. “As

the situation deteriorated in the physical city, so too did the light in its local

spirits. A land defends itself, Your Majesty. Sometimes with great violence,

like in Tienhaishi, sometimes with silent plagues, like in Ma’inka. I

encourage you to talk to the leaders of the Saowon clan for their

perspective.”

The Saowon would spit vitriol about the Avatar’s inability to contain

spirits, even though it was Yangchen’s inability to check humans that had

led to the near-disaster with the phoenix-eels. The important thing was that

if the Earth King did manage to investigate the matter, he’d hear a truth

born of rage and blame. Spirits. It was the spirits. The bridge between

worlds failed. The Avatar failed to fix our problem.

Unlike the shangs, King Feishan was a patient listener when he wanted

to be. An embodiment of neutral jing. Stillness before the sword stroke. He

let her continue.

“Eventually, Bin-Er fell too far out of balance. There was a great

upheaval above the city. Dark entities manifested as flowers of thunder and

flame, blooming in the sky. I did what I could to appease them.”

“Did you succeed?”

Truth born of her shortcomings. “I—no. Not yet. So great was their

anger that I couldn’t placate them on my own. I had to enlist help from my

brothers at the Northern Air Temple. They are tending to the city with alms

and blessings. Their presence seems to have calmed the spirits, but our

work is not yet done.”

That last statement let Feishan know the young Avatar had resorted to

begging aid from her elders. But also that there were large numbers of

Airbenders in Bin-Er for the time being. If the Earth King’s forces marched

straight in, looking for violence, it would be poor form in front of so many

members of her nation.

Holding up a shield like it would protect against an avalanche. “I’ve lost

a lot of revenue from the disorder in Bin-Er,” Feishan said. “A lot of face as

well.”

“You didn’t have to. This was your own fault.”

The Earth King’s anger flared in the form of a jaw twitch, a lip curl. An

actual strategic provocation on Yangchen’s part this time. Extremely risky,

but fully intentional. “Your Majesty, out of complacency, you let the shangs

mismanage the city until neither human nor spirit could thrive. Under your

watch they carelessly reaped without sowing back. You have only yourself

to blame.”

It was a good thing they were alone. What kind of fool would insult the

Earth King to his face? An honest one, Feishan would hopefully assume.

“There was and still is a better way,” Yangchen said. Now that she’d riled

him, she had to strike quickly at his desires. “I can develop a plan for you

that eases the burden of Bin-Er’s residents, while providing you more

revenue from the city than ever before. More than any zongdu has ever

brought to your coffers.”

The Earth King scoffed, which meant he at least heard her, instead of

having his ears plugged by fury. “What would an Air Nomad know of

administration?”

“Very little,” Yangchen said. “But Avatar Szeto, on the other hand,

knows a great deal.”

The sudden gleam in Feishan’s eye meant she’d hooked him. “Are you

saying you can run Bin-Er precisely as he would, if he were alive? Have

him guide you step-by-step? You could consult him on every decision you’d

make?”

She could not. Connecting with her past lives did not work quite like

how Feishan was imagining it. She could see previous Avatar’s memories,

experience their emotions throughout the pivotal moments of their eras. But

as far as she could tell, her past lives couldn’t form new opinions or fresh

predictions or make decisions for her in the present world, no matter how

conversational the interaction between ancient memories and current

information played out during a session of communing.

Avatar Szeto had never seen a shang city. He had never dealt with a

situation exactly like the Platinum Affair or an Earth King exactly like

Feishan. He would never develop plans on her behalf or whisper in her ear

the perfect choice at each juncture.

“Yes,” Yangchen lied. “My predecessor would be the one making the

calls. Not me. My involvement would be minimal.”

Her boldest, falsest claim yet. There was no world where Avatar

Yangchen could split herself entirely away from her past lives. It was

impossible to remove her own identity from the scales. But Feishan didn’t

need to know that right now.

The Earth King mulled over her proposal. The skills of a legendary

administrator, enriching his treasury. What leader could resist? “I’d want to

see those increases in revenue before too long.”

“Of course.” Much of her wild promise would have to come from

utilizing the city’s harbor at the full capacity the shangs had been doing

before she arrived. The extra ships. She’d split the money from the

previously unreported traffic between Feishan and the people of Bin-Er.

The shangs themselves would contribute to both recipients where necessary,

given the fact that she was the only person keeping their involvement in

Unanimity a secret from the Earth King. “With you backing me, I can work

with Zongdu Henshe to get meaningful—”

“The man is supposedly nowhere to be found,” Feishan interrupted.

Yangchen furrowed her brow. “What do you mean? Did he go

somewhere? I know he was one of the few people in the city with extensive

travel rights.”

“If I knew where he was, he would be found.”

She accepted the retort. “Still. With your backing, I can ease the city’s

troubles in the physical realm and the spiritual. I can see to the suffering of

its residents and your coffers both. Withdraw your troops and let me

endeavor to restore balance.”

She’d spoken out of both sides of her mouth many times in the past, but

never to this extent, to someone as important as the Earth King. It was . . .

easy. After everything she’d been through, it was easy. She’d been pushed

to the brink and found there was always more brink to discover. If Feishan

agreed, then gradually, carefully, she would start feeding in the crucial

components of real relief for Bin-Er. An opening of movement for people

beyond Air Nomads. Better conditions for those who wanted to stay. A

solid foundation for the future.

The Earth King examined her one last time before nodding. “I will lend

you my support,” he said. “Together we will bring prosperity to Bin-Er

again.”

She tested her luck one more time. “The reformed city might serve as a

model for the Lower Ring. A stable and happy capital is a secure capital, is

it not?”

Feishan was actually one of the better Earth Kings when it came to

looking after the poorest citizens of Ba Sing Se. Either it appealed to his

sense of authority, or he was aware that the Lower Ring essentially formed

a siege line around the Middle and Upper Rings. He smirked, knowing she

was being greedy in her own way. “We’ll see, Avatar. We shall see.”

He called the proprietor over and sent him to the back stores for a real

bottle. A celebratory toast was imminent, and water wouldn’t suffice.

While the shopkeeper rummaged through crates full of hay, the Earth

King lowered his voice even further, so that Yangchen had to lean her head

in to hear him. “And in the meantime, on the slim chance you are wrong

about the cause of the spectacle in the sky being angry spirits, I will

continue my investigations into what happened,” he said.

Yangchen had to force looseness into her limbs, break the crust of ice

suddenly encasing her stomach. “Of course,” she repeated. “Do you have

reason to believe I’m mistaken?”

“I don’t mean to gainsay the Avatar on spiritual matters. It’s just that

before Zongdu Henshe disappeared, he sent a letter saying he had

something to show me, and a new deal to strike in Bin-Er. That was all.

Very rude. Very cryptic. Like he thought he was suddenly my equal.”

The proprietor came back with a bottle and fresh glasses. Feishan sent

him away again and poured wine for the Avatar first, before himself. He

wanted to do her the honor even if she wasn’t going to drink it.

“Shortly after that letter came the lights and noises,” he said. “If the

incidents are related, I’ll find out. Perhaps at a more leisurely rate, now that

you’ve given me your assurances.”

He picked up his wine and swirled it, sniffing the aroma. “I’m relieved

you’re convinced we’re dealing with spirits, Avatar. Because if I discover

that it was the work of man that lit up the sky above my territory, and that

someone has created a threat to my rule, then I genuinely fear what I will do

to the Four Nations in reprisal, the Earth Kingdom included. It certainly

wouldn’t be good for my reputation in the history books. Or the echoes of

suffering in the Spirit World you’re so concerned about.”

Yangchen said nothing.

Feishan clinked his glass to hers. “To a brighter tomorrow,” the Earth

King replied to her silence. “I expect you’ll come through on your end of

the bargain.”

HONORED GUESTS

Her hands shook the entire flight back to the Northern Air Temple. She

wrung Nujian’s reins to steady them, twisting, folding, doubling the lines.

He grunted in complaint when she’d used up too much of the slack.

She had hoped to distract the Earth King by using his greed to keep him

focused on the wrong prize. She had only partially succeeded.

Now Yangchen finally had a common interest with the Bin-Er shangs.

They would have to collude to keep the spirit ruse going in front of the

Earth King. The shangs if they wanted to keep their heads, Yangchen if she

wanted to prevent the secret of Unanimity from being exposed. If she’d

sought leverage over Teiin and Noehi and the rest, well, now she had too

much.

Three people forcing a city to its knees. Three people holding off an

army. Bending could be pushed to extremes, she knew all too well. But this

was an entirely new level. None of her memories contained anything

resembling the power she’d seen on display in Bin-Er.

The knowledge that this technique existed could not become

widespread. Not now, when tensions across the Four Nations were still as

raw as the emotions of a slighted king. Not ever, as long as humans were

still human.

Kavik had asked what she would do with his brother and Chaisee.

Reporting them to a head of state would cause Unanimity—she had a hard

time setting aside the name—to leak into a world willing to fight over any

scrap of advantage. She couldn’t risk taking drastic action personally either,

not when Chaisee might have had more assets than just the three benders

she knew about. As Yangchen had learned, an entire city could be held

hostage.

The answer, had she been willing to give it to Kavik, was nothing. In

her current state she could do nothing about Chaisee and his brother. For

now, they were immune. Or at least Chaisee was. She could sit comfortably

for the time being and receive the upside Unanimity was originally

supposed to provide, with none of the drawbacks Henshe had suffered.

The Zongdu of Jonduri understood Yangchen’s hands were tied. Before

her journey to see the Earth King, she’d received a message by hawk. The

only sentence the tiny scroll contained was a taunt, even shorter than a

koan.

Wise move. Yangchen had made no move, could make no move, and

Chaisee knew it.

She’d been forced to become Mama’s ideal Avatar. Waiting calmly,

virtuously, while her opponents smiled at her from across the board. They

could chisel a statue of her in this state.

She dropped Nujian’s altitude when the lonely peak of the Northern

Temple came into view. Pik and Pak would be waiting for her there, angry

with her again, but she had to see to other matters first. She flew over the

town and its hospital without stopping, and wove her way between the

valleys, following trails of gravel between steep slopes of ice and rock.

A thin seam of green opened before her. Around the mountains there

were a few completely isolated pockets of flat land that were nearly

impossible to discover without an aerial view. Most of them went ignored,

but a few had small hamlets that could be sustained as long as crucial

supplies arrived regularly.

Yangchen descended upon the level patch. It contained a garden, three

small stone hutches, and a natural spring of bubbling water. The view over

the impassable terrain was starkly beautiful, curtains of clouds pulled back

to reveal a stage that took the elements countless eras to dress.

She jumped down from Nujian. Abbot Sonam, leader of the Northern

Temple, was there to meet her. They walked side by side, even though they

didn’t have much space to stroll. She knew it was because he couldn’t bear

to look her in the eye.

The disappointment and resentment in Sonam’s voice was thick enough

to hold up the sky. “You have made jailers of us,” he said.

Across the patch of land, digging in the garden on his hands and knees,

was one of Chaisee’s benders. The one named Thapa.

Six Airbenders from the Northern Temple surrounded him at a safe

distance. They, and the monks who replaced them in shifts, had been

selected from a community of pacifists for their martial prowess. They

maintained a vigil over Thapa, like their brothers were doing for Yingsu and

Xiaoyun in separate plots of land along the mountains.

Constant alertness throughout the hours of the day, watching mindfully

in the moment, came naturally to them. The task was similar to the funerary

rites Air Nomads were sometimes asked to perform across the Four

Nations. A useful meditation, if she really wanted to stretch the definition

of “shaped teachings.”

The monks parted to let Yangchen through. They had orders to subdue

their charge if he made any aggressive moves, and that included the buildup

necessary to perform his special technique. Kavik had managed to observe

Xiaoyun through a window during the tail. Before each explosion they have

to do a lot of deep, heavy breathing.

Thapa looked up at her, wiped his smooth, prominent forehead, and

grinned. “Avatar.”

She kept as impassive as she could. “You enjoy gardening?”

“I do. Your brethren gave me some mountain flower seeds that do well

in winter.” His smile widened. “But whether I’ll get to see them bloom is

another matter. How long are you planning to keep me here?”

“That depends on if you answer my questions.” Where did you learn

this technique? Who taught it to you? What was Zongdu Chaisee’ s

involvement? Yangchen had interrogated each of the Firebenders separately.

And gotten absolutely nothing so far.

“Mmm, I still don’t think I’m ready to share yet,” Thapa said. “I’m

rather enjoying my little vacation. Wealthy people pay large sums of money

for this kind of setup, you know? Yesterday I saw the most beautiful sunset

of my life.” He tapped his blunted trowel on a rock.

Despite Thapa’s ease with his surroundings, Yangchen knew she had not

converted him to the monastic life. He was stalling. He knew exactly how

untenable the situation was for her. All three of her “special guests” did.

At first, she’d wondered if they were fanatics to some cause of

Chaisee’s, or wayward travelers like Jujinta, searching for a purpose to go

along with their immense power. But after spending time with them, she’d

come to realize they were something far more dangerous.

They were opportunists. Smart ones.

The Firebenders understood their own value, and that it was better to be

in the Avatar’s custody instead of an unscrupulous authority who would

grind them to dust to extract their secrets. So they kept their lips sealed.

Chaisee? They didn’t know a Chaisee. The most they’d admit to was being

hired by Zongdu Henshe to do exactly as he commanded. Prior to that, they

might as well have never existed.

Knowing Yangchen possessed no leverage over them, they seemed

content to wait her out until the situation broke their way. The opportunity

to escape would present itself. Or someone would find out where they were

and come for them. She couldn’t keep them as hermits in the mountains

forever, and they knew it.

Henshe and Yangchen were both wrong to think of them as merely

pieces on the board. They were players in their own right, hungry to

improve their position. And they muddied the waters to the point where she

could no longer see in front of her own face.

How long before I surrender? Yangchen thought. How long before I beg

the White Lotus to take you? A last resort. She didn’t want a secret society

to have their power any more than she was content to let Chaisee keep it.

Information tended to spread. The Earth King would draw closer to

these benders by the day. So would the Fire Lord and the High Chieftain,

investigating the incident in Bin-Er through informants and rumors.

Yangchen was flying through a dark, dangerous gorge, and her room to

maneuver was rapidly shrinking around her shoulders.

“Let me know if you change your mind,” she said to Thapa. “Else we

might put your talents to the summer barley.” She turned around and went

back to Nujian, Sonam following her for the short return trip.

“You cannot keep them here that long!” the abbot whispered once they

were both on the other side of her bison. “What you have done to your

brothers is an abomination!”

“I’m sorry but I had no choice. I will apologize to each of them for

forcing such an abhorrent task into their hands.”

“No, Avatar.” Sonam shook his head, sad that she’d missed the point.

“The problem is that they might enjoy the job too much.”

He glanced over to the monks guarding Thapa. They were young men,

strong benders all. “Holding dominion over another human being is a

mighty temptation,” Sonam said. “If we developed a taste for such power,

began to crave it . . .”

“Then we would no longer be Air Nomads,” Yangchen said. Sonam

handed her Nujian’s reins. “Just go,” he said. “Please.”

Her next stop was less of a hassle. Zongdu Henshe was nowhere near as

difficult to guard.

In fact, they’d given him a room that was part of the Air Temple itself,

one of the structures built into the stone farther down the slope, below the

gently overhanging cliffs. His accommodations were as good as any

honored guest of the Air Nomads.

He’d still raged the whole first day and night, unable to absorb the fact

that his alternative was the Earth King’s hospitality. It became clear very

quickly that he was not the true mastermind behind the scheme. Chaisee

had successfully kept him in the dark about most of Unanimity’s details.

She still had to check on him though. Yangchen knocked on his door

and entered. Henshe looked up from where he sat on the bed. He hadn’t

availed himself of any of the books they’d given him except to hurl them at

the walls. They lay scattered in the corners, spines bent, pages torn.

He seemed to be in a calmer state now, perhaps helped by the small

pillow he squeezed his fingers into over and over. “I understand my

predicament,” he said to Yangchen by way of greeting. “But I understand

yours too. How much time do you really think you have before the truth

slips through your fingers and is loosed upon the world?”

“I have exactly as much as you do,” she said.

Henshe was caught off guard by her ominous but true statement. He

shook his head and continued. “I have something to trade.”

“What?”

“A name. A person.” His lips pressed into lines of smugness. “I have a

deep plant in Chaisee’s organization, very high up, very trusted by her. If

you had his identity, you could threaten to burn him to Chaisee. He’d be

forced to turn to your side. You could use him to take her down.”

Henshe got up from the bed. “Here’s the deal,” he said. “You clear me

of any wrongdoing, convincingly, and make me whole from my losses. I’ll

give you this person’s name, description, family. What do you say?”