Title: Part of the dif ficulty was remembering her own lies. Concocted events were like a vision she had to force herself into having, unlike the ones that (Part 4)

convinced they heard nothing. It was a freak storm. It was a spirit. The old,
frayed standby that still seemed to work.
Another part of her branched of f into sniveling hope. Maybe Xiaoyun or one of the others had demonstrated their ability , once, as a lark. A little
prank between prisoner and guard to alleviate the boredom. Everyone here was a friend, no?
The second blast, louder than the first, put reality back into the forefront. One of the Unanimity Firebenders was on the loose. Maybe they
all were.
A scraping, chalky sound came from over her head. It grew into an oceanic hiss. The villagers who had lived at this elevation long enough
knew that noise, the roar of a familiar , deadly beast, and they screamed.
Rockslide . The explosions had unsettled the mountains.
Boulders the size of hay bales tumbled down the clif f, generals leading a char ge, waves of gravel and dust following close behind. Y angchen
leaped, air spouting herself up the sheer face, and the lar gest chunk of rock slammed into her back. She blunted the impact with earthbending and dug
her heels in, halting its roll.
Bracing the load with her shoulders alone, she flung her arms out to the sides. A wall shot out of the clif f to the left and right in successive
pieces like a series of drawers yanked out of a medicine chest, one after the other . The rest of the rockslide struck the barrier and Y angchen’ s jaws
clashed together from shock. Something thin and jagged cut the inside of her lip. A fragment of her own tooth knapped of f by the pressure.
She spat the flake out and struggled to raise her head. The townsfolk underneath gazed in horror at the doom the A vatar held back. Had it been a
single boulder , several, she could have managed, but the original fracture lines must have extended across the clif f face. Her control over the wall
lessened the farther away it ran. If her outstretched arms wavered the slightest bit, the whole structure would collapse.
“Help me!” she shouted to the people below . She knew some of them could. “Earthbenders! Any benders!” W ater could be frozen into extra
support. A Firebender could blast apart some of the debris provided they were powerful enough. “Help me!” she shouted again.
Did the people of the village decide one by one, or all at once? Did they look around for a leader , a first mover who gave them permission, or

were they struck by the same inspiration simultaneously? Y angchen had plenty of practice reading an audience, and she concluded they all made
their choice at the exact same time. The little discrepancies were purely physical. The ones who could move their limbs faster did, and the rest
weren’ t far behind.
To a man and woman, the townsfolk turned and fled.
She allowed herself to understand. If they reached their houses and got their families and possessions to safety first, then what did it matter if the
Avatar faltered? They had to look out for themselves. They were obligated to prioritize the well-being of those closest to them. The villagers knocked
each other over in their panic, creating the stampede she’d taken pains to avoid earlier .
Avatar hood was a prize beyond kingship , she’d once read in an ancient philosophical treatise. A single lucky life out of a generation triumphed in
the greatest game of chance in the world. The rocks crushed Y angchen further , slowly folding her in half.
Off in the distance she spotted an incongruity , a tiny portion of the herd going the wrong way , coming closer . Kavik. And behind him Jujinta,
Tayagum, and Akuudan. Kavik flung people out of his way with the technique of a wrestler , doggedly trying to reach her . He searched the
hillside with his gaze until it landed on Y angchen’ s. She couldn’ t hear him yell but could see him mouth the words. Hold on. W e’re coming .
Yangchen inhaled through her nose and inflated her lungs. Keeping the breath inside her helped lock her muscles in place and the wall stopped
shifting.
Her only chance to keep the earth at bay was the A vatar State. But the sudden release of ener gy might send the elements flying everywhere.
A slam reverberated through the barrier , but in the same direction she was pressing. Nujian took the weight of the clif f with his massive head,
buttressing the stone. He paddled forward with his tail, fighting with airbending stronger than any normal human’ s.
His roar reminded Y angchen that she would always have at least one companion who’d come to her aid. Nujian had flown straight to her in the
middle of unloading; half of the unsecured gifts had tumbled of f his saddle.
She’d been searching for support in the wrong places. Had she looked up in the sky , she would have seen the line of Air Nomads speeding toward

her on their bison. They swooped low and followed Nujian’ s lead, each mighty animal propping up a section of the wall, a ramming contest against
the mountain itself.
The pressure on her back disappeared. Her people had bought her a moment’ s respite. “Hang on just a bit more,” she said to Nujian. Y angchen
sprang of f the clif f, spinning to face the peak, and while in freefall, clothed herself in the power .
Each of her predecessors would have described the A vatar State in their own unique way . Coming home to the welcoming arms of family . Rising
above the treetops like a giant. Becoming truly , completely unfettered,
breaking free of stubborn chains. For Y angchen, it was the gratification of seeing her will embodied without question. While the ener gies remained
within her grip, she could shape the stuf f of the world.
The landslide. She tilted her head. So tiny . Forcing the accumulated rubble back, against the natural flow , was academic. The surprise of the
monks. Did they not know how far she was above them? She compressed the rocks, tightening them into a form that resembled the original mountain
well enough, visibly shrunken though. A memorial to her deed.
From inside the whirling sphere of air , the elements obeyed her;
everything obeyed her . Only humans remained stubbornly wayward. W ere they so special? She examined the villagers scurrying below her feet, and
yes, the Airbenders as well. Look what I can do without them. Look how weak they ar e without me .
The thought came as it always did when she remained in the A vatar
State for too long. I could stay her e. I don’ t have to go back . She had no idea what that meant, not going back, or if such a thing was even possible.
All she knew was that the temptation to find out grew stronger each time.
Another explosion. Y angchen detected the flow of air shifting around her like a wayfinder using the current to sense the presence of an island
over the horizon. Her first impulse was to be annoyed. Af fronted. A power to rival her own shouldn’ t have existed in this cosmos. She was supposed to
be the only winner in the ultimate game of chance.

And then her frailties caught up with her . Like they always did. Panic was a human emotion, and it washed away the trappings of the A vatar State
like ice water . The Firebenders were loose. She’d brought them here, close to one of the few homes her people had. A settlement of helpless villagers
lay close by . Any damage would be on her head.
The rotating winds that kept her ef fortlessly suspended died down.
Yangchen plummeted, a harsh jerk back into her surroundings, and she hastily caught herself with an air spout. Nujian’ s saddle gave her a platform
to land on. She dropped to one knee, masking her drained strength with a pose.
That was a bad one . In the fields near Port T uugaq, there hadn’ t been people around to spur the feelings of contempt and disdain that so easily
came with unchecked power . There was no such thing as humility in the
Avatar State. Her arrogance hadn’ t spiraled out of control that badly since
Old Iron.
Mingyur flew closer , cautious. Y angchen stood up in the saddle to show him she was herself. “Gather the others and evacuate the townsfolk to
the flat zones,” she ordered. The Northern Temple had long-standing contingency plans for earthquakes, but they weren’ t designed to handle so
many people. The task would require every Air Nomad and sky bison on hand.
“The guests,” Mingyur said. His moony features scrunched in worry . If a member of Unanimity had broken free, several of their brothers might be
hurt or worse.
There was no end to Y angchen’ s culpability . She forced herself to remain impassive. “I’ll deal with them.”
“Alone?”
“Go!” she snapped. “Now!”
Mingyur rolled Fengbao away to or ganize the rescue ef fort before more of the mountaintops shook loose. Nujian turned his head as far as he
could to look at his human companion. Despite the mounting chaos around them, her bison remained steadfast, resolute.
Yangchen flicked her gaze at the little squad still trying to make its way toward her . Nujian never needed reins or words to understand her
intentions. He plunged toward the village street, trusting her to surf atop his saddle. Y angchen cut the remaining lashings with slices of air and blew the

rest of the valuables over the side to free up space. Mingyur was right. She did need backup, and from people who knew how dangerous Unanimity
could be. Her assets were meager in that department, however . Tayagum and Akuudan she would trust with her life, but Jujinta she’d met only a little
while ago. She hadn’ t vetted him herself.
And then there was Kavik.
Kavik . She wanted so badly to blame him for the mess they were in right now . But he hadn’ t been in the village long enough to have anything to
do with the explosions. Beggars couldn’ t be choosers; she needed all the bodies she could find.
That made four people she could rely on in this situation, one of whom wasn’ t even on her side. What an embarrassment of riches , Yangchen
thought as she flew toward her team.
Had they more practice working together , Yangchen could have picked up her companions in one swoop, a matter of trust and linked arms. For now ,
she had to settle on landing Nujian in the street and tossing the four men,
each a dif ferent size and weight, into the saddle with air spouts. T o their credit they didn’ t complain about the rough handling.
“Why are we going that way?” Kavik shouted after Nujian took of f for the Air T emple proper . He pointed in the direction of the isolated, winding
valley that ran deeper into the T aihua Mountains. “The explosions are coming from over there!”
She ignored him. “Y ou two,” she said to Akuudan and T ayagum. “Find
Abbot Sonam and tell him what’ s happening. Do what you can to set up a perimeter in case this is a full-blown attack. I’ll see to our loud friends.”
“What about the … uh … other …” T ayagum normally didn’ t stumble over his words.
She realized what he was trying to say without giving away too much.
And he was right. The noise of Unanimity could have been a diversion to extract a dif ferent prize. “Jujinta,” Y angchen said. “I need you to head into
the visitor ’s quarters underneath the temple and check if anyone’ s disturbed the fourth room in the main hallway . Even if there’ s nothing wrong, stand
guard outside the door until I come.”

Kavik muttered to himself, taking in the meaning of her commands.
“Another target that’s not the Firebenders …” His eyes suddenly goggled

out.

“You mean to tell me you’ve been keeping Zongdu Henshe prisoner

here this whole time!?”

She didn’t mean to tell him anything at all. But Henshe’s

disappearance would have been the subject of much gossip in Bin-Er.
Yangchen cursed Kavik’s sharpness, a quality she’d

once admired when he

still worked for her. The White Lotus was going to have a field day with this information.

At least now she could drop the pretense. “Watch Jujinta’s back,” she

told Kavik. He nodded, waiting for more. “And do what he tells you.”

His lips pouted in frustration at being relegated to a secondary role.

An

act
, she reminded herself, performed by a flawless actor. Kavik was merely

playing the sincere, jealous team member eager to climb back into her good

graces. She might as well have been giving orders to Mama Ayunerak.

Avatar companionship isn’t tenured
, she thought as she dropped the

four of them off at the temple landing walkway and reversed course into the

mountains.

Sometimes you have to start over from the beginning
.

SECOND OPTION
Watch jujinta’ s back , Kavik groused to himself. I made Jujinta .
“Don’ t step on the mittened hermit crabs,” Jujinta said as they sprinted across the gold-edged walkway that led inside the Northern T emple, like
Kavik hadn’ t already been a guest here and eaten under its roof long before his partner ever laid eyes on the place.
A gong began to sound, an of fset beat of one, one-two, one, one-two.
Kavik guessed the pattern was the code for a rockslide, bad enough to require all hands on deck. The great entry hall was already empty .
They reached the ferocious bison fountain at the back. Kavik hoped he could gather some water there, but the flow had been stopped and the pool
was dry . Maybe it only ran during certain seasons. A young monk bounded out of the arch leading to the cloisters, in a hurry to join his brothers and
help the village.
Kavik recognized the kid from his previous visit; he’d been tromping up one of the many sets of temple stairs when they’d run into each other .
The monk skidded to a halt. Kavik was about to ask directions to the lower -
level visitor ’s quarters and if water could be found along the way before realizing the Airbender hadn’ t stopped for him.
“Master Jujinta!” The monk bowed deeply at the waist, waiting for orders.
“We’re fine; help the others outside,” Jujinta said. The command might as well have come from the A vatar herself, given how the kid sprang of f
again. The gong kept beating its summons.
Kavik found himself deeply irked. “Master” Jujinta? “I hope you know where you’re going.” He’s been staying at the temple longer than
you; that’ s all.
“I do.” Jujinta took a turn through a door Y angchen had never bothered to show Kavik. Locks were a rarity in the temple as far as he’d seen. “This

is the only way for Henshe to make an escape without diving of f a sheer cliff face.”
They descended into a network of passages carved into the stone of the mountain itself. In the dark recesses, Kavik thought he spotted a formation
of men and women waiting to ambush them. His heart leaped up his chest.
But it was only more statues in more alcoves. Air Nomad aesthetics still prevailed below the surface.
The likenesses of the past temple elders had been aweinspiring the first time he’d seen them, swept clean by the breeze, sunlight cradling their
serene expressions. A connection to the past he could appreciate.
But now they filled him with dread, like he was being stared at by corpses. W orst of all were the empty spaces yet to be filled. He could hear
Yangchen’ s voice in his head, playing it of f in a flippant manner like she so often did. That’ s wher e I’ll go when I die .
And there was still no water around. He remembered the monks carried it everywhere by hand as a practice, to know the weight and be
grateful, like that boy upstairs had been doing when they first met. In
Kavik’ s opinion the Air Nomads didn’ t have to be so humble all the time. A
running tap would have been useful at the moment.
Jujinta led him into a wooden corridor that curved along the lines of the mountain. Beams of light shone through grease paper windows, and an
indigo carpet woven to extreme lengths out of showmanship muf fled their footsteps. Those were features that normally weren’ t present elsewhere in
the temple. It was as if the monks had tried to make outsiders comfortable here.
Probably not those particular outsiders, though . Five men stood in the hallway . They weren’ t monks. They’d made a good attempt to dress like the
villagers, in thick weathered clothing rolled in mountain dust. T ayagum’ s instincts had been right. Zongdu Henshe was attempting a breakout.
“You shouldn’ t be here,” Jujinta warned. “This is a restricted area.”
The term sounded jarring, and it wasn’ t because of Jujinta’ s unvarying pitch. There weren’ t really that many restricted areas inside the Air T emple,
in a hard sense. Air Nomads were told the circumstances of a secret or sacred place. And as individuals, they chose not to go into the places that
weren’ t meant for them. Kavik remembered a monk telling a story over dinner that he’d once stumbled into a conclave of visiting abbots

performing an incense ritual. They’d merely sent him of f with a quizzical glance, not even pausing their chant to yell at him.
The men didn’ t move. “Headkickers,” Jujinta snarled, brimming with contempt for his former occupation. He drew a knife slowly from the sheath
at the small of his back.
Something’ s off, Kavik thought. Hard hitters and professionals wouldn’ t have blanched at the sight of a blade the way they did. One of the
men, skinny and sunburned like a farmer , raised his hands. “Hold on.” His voice trembled. “No one said anything about knives.”
The leader puf fed out his chest in a desperate attempt to look lar ger.
“Shut your mouth, Hosung. All of you, stay put and hold your ground.”
“I’m not dying for a couple of silvers! I’m going home!”
Kavik stepped in front of Jujinta before he spilled blood on holy ground—if the guest wings still counted as such. “W ait. Are you hogmonkeys actually from the village below? Did somebody pay you to come
here and delay us?”
“He knows!” Hosung shrieked. The wide-eyed man burst through the line of his comrades. Kavik stepped to the side and let him run by .
Jujinta, however , stuck a thick arm out, solid as a tree branch, and clobbered the man in the throat. Hosung’ s own momentum sent him
cartwheeling to the floor . His face bunched the carpet in several waves before his limp body skidded to a full stop.
The rest of the group were faced with a choice. They had to decide who was more intimidating, the dead-gazed killer behind Kavik, or their
quickly deflating leader . “I think you lot should get down on your knees,
put your hands on your heads, and close your eyes until we get back,”
Kavik said.
The temple was such a spiritually enriching place that the qualities of the Air Nomads were bound to rub of f on its visitors. W ith quiet grace, the
intruders from the village freely chose to accept his invitation.
Kavik felt like he had a hair caught in his throat. An itch he couldn’ t swallow .

Between his days working for hire in Bin-Er , his stint in the Jonduri association, and his White Lotus training, he’d come to learn that players of
the game, the game, had their own individual styles. The A vatar was a studier , someone who liked to prepare as much as possible and know things
others did not. Y angchen put in great ef fort in advance so she could contain damage and prevent loss of life, the equivalent of a Pai Sho player who’d
memorized every relevant opening move to shorten the games.
Zongdu Chaisee, if the rumors floating through the White Lotus were true, was the complete opposite. A fiend who held on to her secrets through
atrocity . She’d lace your seat cushion with powdered toxin and wait for you to collapse over the board. V ictory through being the lone survivor .
Causing a landslide as a distraction and packing the hallway with fools from the village to buy time for an escape was its own distinct, callous
signature. Cruel by way of shocking indif ference. Had Hosung and the rest been a bit braver , they could have gotten killed. Kavik supposed it was a
fitting attitude for Zongdu Henshe, who’d cared only about his short-term goals and nothing else beyond.
The itch in his craw turned to nausea when he saw the two monks slumped against the wall, bleeding from the head. Someone is going to
answer for this , he thought in a fury as he raced over .
Kavik knelt down and checked their wounds. They’d been given a hard thump each but thankfully were still alive. Behind them, a door barred
from the outside had been forced open.
Guards and locks. Of course Y angchen would have taken precautions.
Jujinta pressed his back to the wall and flicked the door open wider without exposing himself. His caution was warranted. Getting the drop on an
Airbender was no mean feat.
The room revealed itself to Kavik in slices. Fluttering papers, strewn books. A bed that hadn’ t been made. A puddle of blood on the floor .
Zongdu Henshe lay in the corner , his glassy , unblinking eyes staring up at the ceiling. The A vatar ’s prisoner was dead.
Jujinta immediately went to the small window . It wouldn’ t have been the most comfortable exit, but someone limber enough could conceivably
have squeezed through. “No scuf f marks of a grapple on the ledge,” he said.
He stuck his head out and the winds ruf fled his hair . “I don’ t see anyone on the clif f. No pitons or rope left behind. I couldn’ t climb this face unaided.”

Kavik patted down Henshe’s corpse, pausing briefly to reflect on the

last time he’d handled a body with Jujinta in tow. Poor Qiu. Kavik had been

sick for hours after that. Now, here he was, taking liberties like a grave

robber. What had happened to him? Maybe exposure to the Avatar and the

White Lotus had sanded away his decency like grit blowing across a stone.

He had to keep going and determine the cause of death. He was

flummoxed for a minute until he realized it had happened not from the front

or back, but sideways. The former Zongdu of Bin-Er had been stabbed in

the armpit with a very long, very thin weapon that was nowhere to be found

in the room. The wound was a neat lung-heart-lung channel, the way you’d

place an arrow for an ideal instant kill on a finned caribou.

Kavik surveyed the room again. He spotted a detail he’d missed the

first time. Over by the bed, the pool of Henshe’s congealing blood met the

edge of another puddle, this one purely water, the edges where the liquids

joined a swirling pink. The murderer had tossed aside his melting weapon

and hadn’t bothered to dry the scene of the crime properly before making

his getaway.

He stood up, his hands on his head, sucking on his cheeks in dread. It

wasn’t Henshe’s style that Kavik had found familiar. For all his talents and

ingenuity, Kalyaan sometimes liked to cut corners.

THE DUEL
Yangchen had to choose from three dif ferent isolated huts dotted throughout the range outside the temple, one for each member of Unanimity .
Unreachable except by flying, the little plots of land had originally served as hermitages for monks who wanted to practice meditative solitude. She’d
turned them into holding cells for the Firebenders.
Apparently , there was nothing about her culture she couldn’ t corrupt.
Yangchen set aside the philosophical issue for now . She felt rather like the mark in a shell game. Choosing one location meant temporarily abandoning
the monks in the other two.
Those “follow-the-pebble” games were usually rigged. She took a moment to gather herself as Nujian sped below the ridge-line and tried to
remember the plunge into the A vatar State she’d just taken. The heightened sensitivity through her amplified airbending. A shockwave from one of the
explosions had struck her skin, ruf fled her fine hairs. The detail she wanted was there, but at the time it had been awash in the ocean of scorn for the
very people she was trying to save.
Yingsu’ s hut. Her best guess would have to do. A nudge with her heel,
and Nujian veered into the eastward fork of the valley . I need to be right ,
she thought. The shadows cast by the overhangs fluttered like insect wings and gave way to blinding sun. Please, just this once, let me be right —
Nujian stopped short and she lurched forward. Her eyes adjusted to the light. Ahead, the hermitage where some of the most venerated Air Nomads
had laid their heads throughout the centuries had been turned into a smoking ruin.
Her bison refused to move forward, his instincts for danger taking over. Yangchen frantically looked for her fellow Airbenders. There, lower
down. She spotted Y ingsu pressed against the side of a lar ge, jutting outcrop.

The powerful Firebender had her arm wrapped in a chokehold around the neck of a struggling young monk. The rest of her guards lay strewn
among the rocks, their orange robes standing out like blood splatter against the gray gravel.
A foul, thick rage that needed no past life to fuel it leaked from
Yangchen’ s lips. She vaulted of f Nujian and directed the air spout behind her, funneling herself downward at her enemy like a streaking meteor .
Only a single gesture, caught almost too late, diverted her path. Y ingsu glared angrily at the bodies scattered around her and pressed a finger to her
lips. Shh.
She wouldn’ t have been telling the dead to stay quiet. Y angchen pulled up at the last second and slammed into the mountainside, cushioning the
blow with earthbending. She crawled out of the tunnel she’d created like a singing gopher . One Firebender and six very alive Air Nomads stared at her
in shock. “Idiot!” Y ingsu shouted under her breath. “Y ou just gave away our position—”
Next to them the mountain erupted sideways. A blister of flame spread across the slope and would have consumed them had Y angchen not airbent
against it with as much force as she could muster outside the A vatar State.
Heat enveloped them like the walls of an oven. The monks stayed low and covered their heads. Y ingsu maintained her grip on the one who
screamed and babbled in fear , preventing him from leaping into the flames out of panic.
The explosion passed but the dust remained suspended in the air .
Yangchen coughed, her lungs muddy . “What is going on!?” She could barely hear herself speak.
Yingsu threw the monk she held down to the ground so his brothers could deal with him instead of her . “Thapa’ s somewhere on the other side of
the valley ,” she said. “He probably already got Xiaoyun, and now he’ s trying to kill me.”
There wasn’ t time to question why the Firebenders had turned on each other or how Thapa had escaped his own prison. Nujian floated behind the
safety of the bend. Y angchen curled her tongue and whistled for him to pick them up.
Yingsu guessed her intentions as soon as the first shrill note hit the air .
She quickly reached out and clamped her hand over Y angchen’ s mouth the

same way she’d manhandled her erstwhile jailer . “No! You want to give him a big furry tar get?”
Common enemies made for strange friends, and Y ingsu seemed to have thrown in her lot with the A vatar for now . Yangchen had to trust the
Firebender knew her former comrade’ s capabilities better than she did. But
Nujian was still the only escape, and they had to move before Thapa could get of f his next shot. She slapped away Y ingsu’ s arm and turned her
attention to the slab of rock they hid behind.
The swirl of her wrists resembled the motions of her native element more than earthbending. She split the lar gest chunk of stone into two plates
wider across than she was tall and set them spinning on their edges.
“Follow the cover for as long as you can!” she ordered the monks.
Their confusion cleared up once she sent the rocks rolling in two different directions. Her brothers from the Northern T emple were done; she
wasn’ t going to risk their lives further . A shove of air got their feet moving toward Nujian. They crouched low and tried to keep up with her moving
screen.
Yingsu went to follow them, but Y angchen pulled her back in the opposite direction. The Firebender scowled but was forced to scurry with
her behind the second bouncing disk. The point was to make Thapa choose.
Hopefully he’d hesitate.
Ahead lay a series of clefts in the slope, a web of natural trenches that looked like better cover . But they lay too far ahead. Y ingsu knew it. “W e’re
not going to make it before—”
Yangchen grabbed her collar again and yanked her down into a shallow ditch that barely concealed the tops of their heads. The stone
continued to roll. Right as it reached the fissures, another fire blast shattered it as easily as a brick flying through porcelain.
From wherever he was hiding in the distance, Thapa launched a sequence of furious attacks against the grooves cut into the mountain. The
feature of the landscape was visible across the distance. Y angchen had been counting on it.
“He thinks we’re in there,” Y ingsu muttered. “And he’ s expending energy with each shot. Nice trick.”
Deception over protection. The only barrier separating them from instant death was some wavy grass. Out of the corner of her eye Y angchen