Title: Preamble (Part 3)

He should have kept his mouth shut. Yangchen raised an eyebrow at his

sarcastic comment, the motion made prominent by her missing hair, and

decided a response was in order. She pushed her bowl aside. “Your son,”

she said sternly to Kavik’s mother and father. “As delightful as this visit has

been, he’ s the real reason I’m here. Did he tell you what he did earlier?”

The air went deathly quiet. The night had been one of the most joyous

occasions in his parents’ lives, and now it threatened to sink into the abyss

due to their child’s foolishness. A rebuke from the Avatar herself. They’d

never survive the shame. “What . . . what did he do?” Kavik’s father

croaked.

The Avatar turned and looked at Kavik the way an assassin might drink

in her victim’s dying groans while wrenching the knife back and forth. “He

stopped a thief for me.”

All eyes turned toward Kavik. Yangchen did not elaborate. She was

going to let him find his way out of the forest she’d dropped him in.

He had to pull together a few scattered pieces, backtrack over who in

his audience knew what information. “I went to the square late in the day

because I heard rumors something was about to go down and I was

curious,” he said. Seeking out danger would be the crime in his delayed

confession to his parents. “So I was walking along the edge of the crowd,

and I see this man running away from some guards. He was holding a

satchel in his hands, which was weird. Normally you’d sling a bag around

your shoulder, right?”

Yangchen tilted her head back, as if she were trying to get a better look

at him with the benefit of distance. This was the second time he’d lied in

front of her. There was a chance she was impressed.

“I didn’t get in his way,” Kavik said. “That would have been dangerous.

I kind of stepped aside and then slapped the satchel out of his hands as he

passed. He kept running. The guards thanked me and took the bag away.

Then I left. I didn’t know it was related to Avatar business.”

There. Perfect. His parents didn’t have to imagine him facing down a

dangerous criminal and he didn’t have to admit to meeting Yangchen in

person.

“Your son recovered a crucial piece of political information.” she said,

picking up where he left off with ease. “Without him, I couldn’t tell you

what might have happened.” A slow shake of her head implied the worst.

War, famine, spiritual barrenness spreading across the land.

“How did you know where to find me?” Kavik asked her. Only he and

the Avatar recognized the question as a counter-punch. I went; now it’ s your

turn. “How did you know where I lived when you didn’t see me yourself?”

“Oh, I arrived a little while after and asked the witnesses,” she said

breezily. “One of them said they recognized you and gave me your

address.” Yangchen bowed to his parents. “Kavik did the world a service

today. Is it all right if I talk to him alone for a bit?”

Not only did they agree, they nearly dismissed themselves from the

main chamber. The Avatar asked Kavik to show her to his room. His mother

gave him a glare, warning him not to embarrass the family.

By the time Kavik closed the door, Yangchen was already looking

around, taking in every detail she could to build a picture of him. Books,

lack of books, level of tidiness. Was he a person who kept mementos?

Decorations? Weapons?

She finished her sweep. “Really?” she said. “You sleep in a completely

bare room with nothing on the walls and no furniture other than a bed? A

man with nothing to hide. You’d fit in fine at the temples.”

“You followed me.” He was so sure he’d been careful.

“I did.” She raised a finger. “Most people forget to look up.”

Her glider. She’d been flying above him the whole time with a perfect

view, probably laughing at his efforts to cover his trail. “Aww, don’t look so

glum.” Yangchen punched him lightly in the arm. “You got moves. Good

ones.”

How stupid was he to think he had successfully played her? Those little

gestures of openness she’d made while she was healing him, the parted lips,

the slight nods—she’d been putting him at ease.

Now her expression was full of mocking sorrow. “Pretty low of you to

lie to me the way you did, when so many people in this city are living on

the edge. From what I can tell, you have a loving family and a roof over

your head.” She reached out and brushed her fingertips along the wall. “I

mean, there’s a full second story on this house. You’re a rich kid!”

“Not that rich,” Kavik muttered, fully conscious that he was using the

same defense the merchants used when they turned down Mama Ayunerak’s

requests for donations.

“But not that poor. I followed you to see which shang you reported to.

Imagine my surprise to find you had a separate little base of your own. Your

parents don’t know the full extent of your activities, do they? Why are you

running errands and nearly freezing to death when you could be working

alongside friends and neighbors at the bookkeepers, safe and warm?”

Why indeed. There were answers that were given, and there were

answers that were earned. The Avatar hadn’t earned squat from him. “I

value my freedom,” he said, managing to say it slowly and curtly at the

same time.

Kavik hoped she had enough pieces of the puzzle to leave his room,

leave his house, leave him alone. Instead, Yangchen sat down on his bed

without asking and made herself comfortable, crossing one knee over the

other, holding it in place with her hands.

“Well, that’s too bad,” she said. “Everyone you meet in Bin-Er is in

someone else’ s pocket. From the moment you appeared, I was trying to

A fresh slash of a grin spread across her face. “Mine,” Avatar Yangchen

declared. “Now you’re in mine.”

THE PROPOSITION

Kavik did what he forgot to do at the beginning of this conversation and

took a quick peek outside to see if his parents were eavesdropping. They

were not. Of course they respected the Avatar’s privacy more than his own.

He shut the door again and leaned his back against it, forced to the edge

of his own room by this invading presence. “If you’re going to have me

punished, just do it and get it over with.”

“I’m not turning you in to anyone,” Yangchen said. “This is a

recruitment pitch. I want your skills put to use for a nobler cause.” She

paused, and then clarified. “Me. I’m the nobler cause.”

“You . . . want me to run errands for you?” This was a world leader he

was talking to, not a low-rent broker like Qiu. “Why?”

“Because I can’t run them all myself. To be an effective Avatar, one

needs to make informed decisions. Informed decisions require good

information. And the information I get fed on a regular basis by my socalled advisors and companions . . . is lacking.”

She saw he was confused. “Think about it,” she said. “I may be the most

watched and scrutinized person in the Four Nations. All of the attendants

foisted upon me by the leaders of the world, the ministers, the diplomats,

advisors, sages? They’re spies, more often than not. Spies reporting back on

me to their real masters. In the past I’ve had my decisions leaked before

I’ve announced them, my moves anticipated before anyone could guess,

and been fed falsehoods till bursting.”

She hugged her knees again and swung her feet back and forth. “So.

While in the open, I adhere to tradition. I attend the meetings. I perform the

ceremonies. But when I need to gather information or act in secret, without

the trappings of the office weighing me down, I do it out of sight, with the

help of a small number of associates who I know aren’t compromised. Here

is where you come in.”

This wasn’t the same person Kavik had surprised in her room, the gentle

nun who’d healed his face. He could have been talking to a Bin-Er native

right now. One of the shrewd youths who thought of everything in terms of

transactions. Even the way she strung her words together was more broker

than wise woman.

“You could get anyone in the world to work for you,” Kavik said. “Why

would you pick me? You don’t know me. We have no connection.”

“That’s precisely why I want you,” Yangchen said. “Good candidates

don’t fall into my lap very often. You’re from a comfortable family, not

beholden to anyone by money or debt. You’re too low-level to be worth

anyone’s attention, but just skilled enough to be useful.”

“Wow, thanks.”

“I’m not selling you short,” Yangchen said. “I completely bought your

act about not having a family. It’s very rare these days that I can’t tell

someone is lying to my face. And you really do have moves. You would

have gotten away from the guards if I hadn’t personally intervened. Twice.”

Kavik shut his eyes. Of course. The Avatar was a Waterbender by

definition; she’d been the one who’d trapped him by his feet. And the one

who’d yanked him back inside the Blue Manse with precise airbending.

“Do you have other people working for you?”

“Not as many as I’d like. Normally I have to stick to close friends, those

who owe me favors, fanatic devotees to the Avatar. I need more help.

Serving the world requires new blood. What do you say?”

He didn’t have to think very hard. “No,” he said. “Thank you for the

offer, but no. I appreciate your consideration. No.”

“Oh, I’m sorry,” Yangchen said, undaunted. “I didn’t mean to imply you

were that special of a case. You fit neatly into the category of owes me. I

did save you from punishment for your very serious crimes. Not every

Avatar in history took attempted theft of intelligence as lightly as I did.”

“You’re going to blackmail me?!”

She didn’t seem terribly insulted by the accusation. “I wouldn’t put it

that way. I’m giving you the chance to do some real good and hoping you

take it. The shang cities—Bin-Er, Jonduri, Taku, Port Tuugaq—are

wellsprings of corruption and suffering. Some of them are just more

obvious than others. I need someone like you who knows this kind of

environment to help me fix their problems. Think of it as doing exactly the

type of work you’ve been doing, only with me as your broker.”

She drummed her fingers on the edge of his bed. “But you’re right. It’s

not fair for me to threaten you with the inside of a jail cell. And you catch

more ant-flies with honey than vinegar.”

Yangchen popped up and waved her fingers at Kavik. A gust of wind

from a point of origin that should have been too close to exist pushed him

out of the way. She left his room without waiting for him.

“Hey!” Kavik said, trailing after her. “What are you—”

The Avatar reentered the main chamber. Kavik’s parents looked up from

where they sat waiting.

“I have an announcement,” Yangchen said to them, as proud as a sifu

graduating her student. “In recognition of his good heart and bravery, I have

offered your son the chance to become one of my official companions, to

stand by my side and help me keep the world in balance.”

Kavik’s mother shrieked in joy. His father tried to say something but

had to turn his face to hide the tears of pride gushing from his eyes.

Companions of the Avatar went down in the annals of history. Their truant

son was going to make greatness of himself. Their suffering hadn’t been in

vain. Truly, utterly, they’d been blessed tonight.

Kavik watched his parents bawl into each other’s shoulders with

happiness. “You’re free to refuse, of course,” Yangchen whispered out of

the corner of her mouth. “My offer of companionship is legitimate. You can

say no.”

Like he could and still live here. She’d as good as pushed him off a

cliff.

With each ecstatic sob from his mother and father, another chunk of

Kavik’s spirit left his body.

“I hate you,” he muttered.

“I’ll let you sleep on it,” the Avatar replied.

THE PARADE

Yangchen opened her eyes and stared up at the ceiling. Clay. Not ice. Still

Bin-Er, though. Still Yangchen.

She was pretty sure of it.

She lay in bed and went through the exercises Abbess Dagmola had

developed for her when she was younger. She thought about the previous

night’s events, linked them to her tasks for the day to come, and purposely

skipped over the wild clash that had gone on inside her head in between,

forging a mindful connection to herself.

The idea was to create a sturdy bridge between the banks of her

memories. Only sometimes it was afloat with a fraying rope tied to it,

hurled a bit short.

Today was especially confusing due to the change in sleeping

accommodations. After the intrusion, Masters Sidao and Boma both had

insisted on relocating. Yangchen rejected all of Sidao’s suggestions for new

guesthouses. Those were likely spots he’d scouted in advance, with plenty

of listening nooks and hidden doors only he knew about.

She’d chosen a new place to sleep at random. Semi-random. Her

instincts may have led her to point at the map and land on a small, ancient

inn that mercifully turned out to have heated floors. She wasn’t as good at

ignoring temperatures as her sisters and brothers, found the warming Breath

of Fire technique draining on her energy reserves, and the Bin-Er winter

was a hostile beast, full of intent and malice.

The out-of-the-way location served a purpose besides comfort. She had

to take the precaution that Kavik wasn’t the first part of a double beat, a

ruse designed to give her a worthless victory while the real theft happened

in the aftermath once everyone’s vigilance subsided.

The boy’s name was Kavik. A smile played across her lips. She was

jealous, in a way. Last night’s follies would be a lighthouse in his

memories. He was never going to forget the day he ran into the Avatar

twice.

Master Boma knocked on the door. “Avatar,” came the gruff,

grandfatherly voice. “Breakfast is ready. Master Sidao said that if we want

to keep our schedule with the shangs, you should eat soon.”

The Avatar doesn’t answer to the shangs, Yangchen thought. Thousands

of years do not give way to a decade. “I’ll be down momentarily,” she said.

The interruption knocked Yangchen out of her flow. She found

resuming the mental exercises where she left off too daunting, starting over

again an impossibility. So she didn’t. Herein was the danger. Not that

Abbess Dagmola’s wisdom wasn’t effective, but that Yangchen, with

increasing frequency, didn’t follow it.

She got up slowly out of habit. Sometimes she could forget her joints

were still young, only seventeen years of use on them. She propped herself

up against the wall, hoping the cloudiness would drain out of her head, and

lifted her arms for Pik and Pak to land on them.

They didn’t come. Right. She’d left her winged lemurs in the care of the

Northern Air Temple. Maybe she should have finished building the bridge

after all.

To avoid thinking about it, she turned her attention to the mound of

clutter in her room. Her documents had been moved here from the Blue

Manse in a hurry. Her notes were out of order, her speech drafts were

scattered everywhere, and worst of all, relocating her quarters had given

unvetted people a chance to examine her research and correspondence. The

double beat could have happened during the transfer.

Yangchen moved to the edge of her bed and plucked a roll of paper off

the pile, the one Kavik had tried to steal. She spread the architectural plan

of the old Bin-Er gathering hall across her lap. The building had been torn

down and reconstructed so many times that several different people thought

they held the original designs. But this was the true oldest version, its

provenance guaranteed by one of Yangchen’s trusted sources.

She examined the layout of the structure from corner to corner. A good

general studied the terrain whether a battle was on the horizon or not. A

sailor watched the skies even when they were clear. And Yangchen had

been both of those at some point. If she couldn’t make any progress in her

formal meeting today, she’d have to resort to unconventional methods.

She spotted an interesting detail in the plans. The gray fuzz between her

ears began to clear.

Well, what do you know? she thought. Heated floors.

One of the few joys she could pursue in public these days was messing with

Sidao. The Minister of Special Territory Relations was an ever-growing

presence in her retinue, and he often acted more like a tutor of etiquette.

She wasn’t supposed to plummet in from the sky on Nujian when meeting

dignitaries to conduct formal business. Nor was she supposed to glide. She

was the Avatar, not a screeching bird of prey.

Riding on the ground to her destination projected the correct aura of

dignity. It also let her publicly send signals and declare favor through her

choice of companion. For example, the special territory minister’s

importance might be demonstrated to all by giving him a seat close to hers

during processions.

In compliance, Yangchen had taught Nujian to perform an exaggerated

trot whenever they had to satisfy Sidao’s definition of procedure,

mimicking the high-stepping bounce of beasts with fewer legs. It looked

ridiculous and made children laugh. And Sidao suddenly no longer wanted

to accompany her on the way to her conferences. Victories all around.

Today, in the glistening cold, she rode through Bin-Er on Nujian’s

withers while Boma sat behind her in the saddle. He was used to any sort of

ride, bumpy or smooth or through the sky in a storm. The residents of BinEr lined the main street for a chance to see the Avatar. If it made them

happy, she would show her face.

Sidao shivered in the open-topped carriage ahead of her. He hailed from

Nanyan, near Foggy Swamp, and the cold disagreed with him worse than it

did Yangchen. “Mistress Avatar,” he said, turning around in his seat to face

her. The tonic he used in the foot-long beard that hung off his chin must

have been water-based, because it was starting to turn into an icicle. “May I

remind you that she who commands all four elements still cannot bend

time? Our delays compound.”

“‘Ah, the falling grain of sand, the merciless hound at our heels, the

spoke of the season’s wheel,’” Yangchen quoted. Whenever Sidao got

cranky about the schedule, she liked to pluck adages from ages past to

remind him what time really meant in the grand scheme of things. “Ten tons

of bison running hard along the ground will feel like an earthquake and

damage property. You may go on ahead to inform the shangs we’re running

behind.”

Her permission to leave gave Sidao pause. I know you’re on their

payroll, she thought. Show me who your true masters are, whom you’re

really afraid of displeasing.

With a frown, Sidao told his driver to speed up and round the bend.

There it was. Leaving the Avatar in the dust was rude for someone so

concerned with etiquette, but duty called.

It was just her and Boma on Nujian now. Yangchen looked around.

She’d thrown her hood back, and the crowd had reciprocated the gesture by

uncovering their heads as well. Their gazes shining, rapt. So many of them

had their hands clasped in front of their chests in a universal symbol.

Please.

I’m trying, she thought.

This might be the only glimpse of her they got in their lives. She would

have liked to stop and talk with a few of them, like she had with Kavik’s

parents last night, but she really didn’t have the time today. The Avatar’s

personal blessing was much sought after, but it scaled horribly as a good.

Bin-Er needed more than a wave and a smile anyway. The shangs had

done their best to scrub the streets for her visit. The parade route took her

through the prosperous neighborhoods, past the pointed houses of

commerce and the frozen fountains, showed off the carved, gabled

architecture of an older version of the city that hadn’t been relevant for

decades.

But it wasn’t enough to fool the eyes of an Air Nomad, sharpened by

gazing across mountain peaks. Not five minutes into her procession,

Yangchen had spotted an overlooked alleyway full of abandoned blankets

and mats, their owners probably told to vacate or suffer the consequences.

This couldn’t stand. You couldn’t put all your grain on one corner of the

saddle and expect to remain in balance.

“Perhaps we could hurry a bit more,” Boma said in the back, jarring her

back into place.

“Worried about the shangs’ patience too?”

“No. It’s the crowd. They’re a little close for my liking.” Boma usually

wasn’t so curt when it came to the throngs of the devout. As if to agree with

him, Nujian grumbled and snorted, breaking his stride. Yangchen looked

around.

The captivated front lines had pushed forward a bit, but that wasn’t a

problem. Not compared with the figures lurking behind them who’d kept

their hoods on. Three men trying to keep pace with her.

All right. It came with the territory. She’d come here because people

were unhappy; it would be unfair for her to be bothered by the presence of

unhappy people.

She knew she was dealing with troublemakers, not assassins. She’d seen

this very incident play out through the eyes of her predecessors and felt

little danger. Landing a shot on her by surprise would be difficult enough.

While cold was a foe beyond her, she was excellent at feeling and reacting

to airflows.

The rotten fruit that came flying at her head might as well have been

moving at a snail-sloth’s pace. Yangchen formed a small cyclone with a

flick of her wrist and used the funnel of air to guide the missile into her

hand.

Papaya, she noted with some amusement. They must have scavenged

refuse from a household rich enough to import—

“Aagh!”

The sound of shattering clay turned her head. Boma held his face while

blood dripped down his fingers. The fragments of an empty jug lay

scattered over the saddle.

A red rage swelled through Yangchen’s veins. They couldn’t hit her, so

they’d aimed at an old man. Her friend. She rose higher on her bison’s neck.

“I am here to help you!” she shouted.

Nujian reacted to her runaway emotions and slammed the gigantic

paddle of his tail down. A gust of wind rushed outward, flattening the

crowd. Any screams of fear were blown far away.

Amid the half ring of stunned people, Yangchen saw the person who’d

thrown the jug. It wasn’t a young miscreant. It was a man who was the

same age as Boma, if not older. She could read the fear and bitterness in his

eyes like a scroll. What help? You up there, and us down here, what help?

It didn’t matter that as an Air Nomad she owned fewer possessions than

anyone here. She had freedom. She had status—the most status, in fact.

More status than anyone else in the world.

But as soon as she followed Sidao’s path, rounded the corner, and

disappeared from sight, these onlookers would return to their lives no better

off than before. Unless she could do something for them, even the most

fervent believers in the Avatar would realize she was a brief breeze on a

scorched day, pleasant for a moment but ultimately meaningless. Some

would turn to sorrow, others anger. The man who’d struck Boma was

simply further along the journey than most.

In a fit of frustration, she hurled the brown, oozing fruit in her hand at

the wall high above his head. The skin burst, sending seeds and foul pulp

raining down. Someone yelped in terror.

She knew she’d regret the act tomorrow, if not minutes from now. Such

outbursts poked a hole in the painting of her and let the real light through.

Yangchen shook her head and spurred Nujian onward.

OceanofPDF.com

THEATER

“Ahh, don’t worry about it,” Boma said as Yangchen tended to his scalp

with fresh water. “Injuries above the neck always bleed worse than they

really are.”

“It’s my fault,” Yangchen said. “If I hadn’t fired Captain Gai, security

would have been tighter.” She finished healing him and tossed the pinktinged water to the side. It stained the snow on the lawn, a dot of diluted ink

on a sheet of white. The attack had made certain they’d be late.

Today’s meeting was going to take place in the Bin-Er gathering hall, a

disjointed complex consisting of a magistrate’s courthouse, an assembly

wing, and a small barracks. She had been told only the courthouse saw any

regular use. Town councils were a thing of the past, and the shangs weren’t

allowed to maintain a fighting force under the very terms that gave them

their positions.

She left Nujian at the gate and walked across the lawn, Boma trailing

behind. Where the snow would have dampened the hems of her robes, she

pushed it away, broadening the path between the banks around her as she

walked. They entered the assembly wing, a drafty silo built in optimistic

denial of the dominant weather.

Inside the large room were arcs of benches, and very few of them were

full. This was no meeting of the masses. The shangs were a small group of

merchants from across the Earth Kingdom, Fire Nation, and Water Tribe

who’d made residence in Bin-Er as part of the agreements granting them

sole permission to move goods internationally.

Sidao, standing by the door, breathed a sigh of relief as she came in. He

twiddled the jeweled badge around his neck that marked his office and

announced her while Boma took her cloak. “May I present Avatar

Yangchen of the Western Air Temple, master of the elements and bridge

between humans and spirits,” Sidao said.

The shangs got up slowly from the puddles of fine furs and wools

keeping them warm. Some of them not at all. The disjointed sequence, their

reluctance to remove their hoods, could have been a natural reaction to

Yangchen’s lateness. It also could have been intentional.

Boma tolerated many things, but never disrespect to his charge from

those who should have known better. “In the Four Nations, you rise in the

presence of the Avatar!” he snarled.

Her guardian occupied a strange, undefined role in her retinue, and

Yangchen never cared to formalize it to others. He was Boma, just Boma,

and his presence beside her was not to be questioned. He didn’t look the