Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 10)

a trap. A trunk would open its jaws and swallow him whole, or he’d fall

through the squeaking floorboards into a spiked pit. There was only one

door open, and it led to a small study.

He took one of the chairs in the corner and waited as he was told. His

pulse became the thrum of a dragonfly-hummingbird’s wings. His one

solace was that this was far too nice a place to kill him. His corpse would

make too much of a mess.

The sound of footsteps, coming from the ceiling. The master of the

house descended the stairs above the study. Kavik’s spine straightened. His

lips parted. He froze in a tilted, halfway state, poised to get up but unable to

leave his chair.

Between his wooden home and his old workbench on the lowest floor of

Nuqingaq’s, Kavik had learned it was possible, extremely possible when

you were familiar with the person, to tell who was going up and down a

flight of stairs just by the sound. His father was a slow thud-thud-thud,

always catching and settling his weight fully before the next step. His

mother’s telltale noise was a sliding swishhh, since she always held onto a

banister if available. If not, she ran her hand along the wall.

And the trail of light thumps that slalomed from one side of the stairs to

the other, as if the maker of the noise were slowing their descent down a

mountain by following a path of switch-backs, belonged to a single person

in Kavik’s life. The door to the study opened, and in walked the boss-boss

of the association.

“Hi, Kavik,” said his older brother, Kalyaan.

CLOSING THE DEAL

No.

That was all Chaisee had cared to say to Henshe about delivering

Unanimity to Bin-Er. Through a hawk, not a human messenger. Sidao

hadn’t returned. It didn’t take a genius to figure out why.

Sitting in his office in Bin-Er, Henshe crumpled the tiny scroll with its

one-word response and hurled it at the hawk that had brought it, scaring the

bird into flying off before a return message could be stuffed into the tube on

its leg. He hated Chaisee’s blatant hypocrisy about the animals, the way she

sent outbound letters when it suited her but still demanded in-person visits.

He was going to have to play by her rules one more time. Immediately

he packed his bags. He reassured the panicking shangs that everything was

fine, and he’d be back soon with the solution to all their problems.

Fine? had been their reaction. Fine?! Did he not see the barricades

going up? Whole sections of town blocked off? Traffic had been cut in half!

There were rumors the Earth King was getting ready to step in!

This was exactly why they needed Unanimity, Henshe told the shangs.

To blow out the fires they insisted on setting underneath their own chairs.

The anger in the streets wasn’t the Avatar’s doing. Neither was the Earth

King’s growing suspicion. This was a harvest sown of greed and idiocy.

Now, if they could let him do his job, please.

It was the most he’d ever told his bosses off. Which was fine. Either he

was going to come back from Jonduri a dead man walking, or with more

power in his hands than he knew what to do with.

A perk of his position was that he was allowed unrestricted personal

travel between shang cities. He was one of the few people who could enjoy

a passenger’s status without questioning by harbormasters. Once he was on

board, he spent most of the trip lying in his bunk, staring at the ceiling of

his solitary quarters, pondering the irony.

Who would have thought that cutting back on the illicit shipments

would be the tipping point for the residents of Bin-Er? After the Avatar left,

Henshe and the shangs had attempted to erase all traces of the unreported

traffic she’d held over their heads, a move that was just common sense.

They’d turned junks away, canceled contracts, dumped the workers who

would have processed those goods.

That last bit had set everything over the edge. Why? Henshe had to ask.

So many other past deals under past zongdus had ended in similar fashion.

Why did the city have to lose its mind over this one?

He wasn’t a man who asked for much. He didn’t need the whole world

dancing to his tune. All he wished for was fairness. For the cogs to fit

together and turn in the direction they were supposed to.

The title of zongdu offered the holder an opportunity to make

astounding amounts of money from kickbacks, budget-skimming, and

guiding the flow of deals and contracts. That was how it worked. That was

why it cost so much money to bribe the people necessary to get appointed

to the role in the first place.

The procedure, standardized by the office holders before Henshe, was to

go into massive amounts of debt to scrape the bribes together, make even

more massive profits during your term as zongdu, and then pay back the

original loans. The difference that could be pocketed was potentially so

large you’d need every pair of trousers in the Middle Ring to hold it.

Previous “generations” of zongdus had successfully extracted their

rewards and moved on. Dooshim had gotten in and out with his money.

That was how the process worked.

But apparently now, during Henshe’s turn, was when the gears had to

fall off their pinnings. The Avatar had decided to make a name for herself

using him as a stepping-stone. Forget a profit. If his term didn’t end the way

he needed it to, he’d be ruined. Lower-than-Lower Ring ruined.

He just wanted what similar people in his position had received. To get

in and out. Was that so much to ask? Couldn’t the Avatar have delayed her

efforts by a few years, until after he’d left Bin-Er and disappeared from the

annals of the Four Nations? He didn’t love the fundamental idea behind

Unanimity, honestly, didn’t have the same grand hopes for it as Chaisee.

But it was the only tool at his disposal that had the chance of staving off

disaster.

When they arrived in Jonduri and he disembarked from the boat, feeling

mugged by the humidity and heat, he found a woman waiting for him on the

dock among the coils of rope and barrels of pitch. She was pretty, with a

smile wide enough to engulf a mango. He knew she was one of Chaisee’s

attendants. He asked her name.

It didn’t matter, she said. If the Zongdu of Bin-Er would be so kind as to

accompany her, her mistress was waiting.

Henshe had been to Chaisee’s house before, and he suffered the climb

through the damp, insidious jungle. Once he was inside, he saw it was still

the same plain little training hall, aspiring to a guru’s austerity. Nothing had

changed since his last visit except for its owner, sitting in her chair.

“You look ready to pop,” he said to Chaisee. “What happened to your

old servant? The man with the scar over his eye?”

“What didn’t happen to him?” she said calmly. “I hired someone else. It

was a matter of security.”

Henshe waited until the new attendant finished pouring their tea and

left. The girl didn’t need to know about the grisly fates her employer liked

to deal out for disloyalty. “It would be nice if you didn’t have the same

response every time your paranoia flares up. You literally killed my

messenger.”

“You chose a poor messenger. Sidao was a member of the Avatar’s

retinue and could have easily passed on your information to her. Did you

ever stop to think he might have been happily collecting payments from you

and the shangs of Bin-Er while remaining loyal to her? The best of both

worlds.”

No, Henshe hadn’t considered that Sidao had ever gotten the better of

him, but he wasn’t going to admit it. “All I’m saying is that you don’t have

to jump straight to permanent solutions.”

“Sidao wasn’t the only potential spy I had to deal with,” Chaisee went

on, ignoring his advice. “There was a boy from Bin-Er, an obvious plant

attempt. And then the Avatar herself shows up on my island. You were

sloppy, Henshe. Painfully so.”

She dropped the words he’d been fearing the whole boat ride. “My

answer is still no. Unanimity came to fruition with my research and I have

borne its costs. We’re not deploying it simply because you’ve bungled the

situation in your own city.”

Henshe stood up from his chair. He was a tall man, and he loomed over

Chaisee like a shade palm. “Do you know what the difference is between

you and me?” he asked. He dropped his gaze. “Unlike you, I’m not

interested in building a dynasty.”

He had her attention now. Chaisee shifted, folded in her chair an inch. “I

know you’ve got plans,” Henshe said. “Grand plans for the future. Your

bloodline etched into history. Admirable. Really. But if I don’t get to see

tomorrow, neither will you. I know too much about you, and your little

experiments that you’re hoping might keep you in power forever. It

wouldn’t take much for me to convince the Fire Lord he should put Jonduri

in the hands of a less ambitious functionary.”

He picked up the steaming teapot, still mostly full. “If you don’t help

me put out the fire in my house, then I will make sure it spreads to yours,”

he said to his fellow zongdu. He hurled the vessel at the wall above her

shelf. The porcelain burst, sending hot water cascading over her precious

books and scrolls.

She made no movement, other than to eye him up and down. He let her.

The more spiteful and reckless she thought him, the better. Chaisee was the

one with the long-term outlook. She wanted to keep her title forever and for

all time. She wanted this little island to become her own clan holding, this

city the jewel in her crown. In her eyes, she had generations to lose.

She came to a conclusion. “I relent. You’ve convinced me that the best

place for Unanimity is Bin-Er. But I need more time.”

Henshe nodded, rocking his head over and over. So that’s how it is. He

knew Chaisee well enough that when she was done talking to you, truly had

no intention of humoring a single word coming out of your mouth, she

started feeding you promises, details. She would politely delay until you

withered on the vine.

“Of course,” Henshe said, getting up to leave. “This is an important

decision. It shouldn’t be rushed.”

He walked out of her house knowing exactly what to do. He was going

to call in the one person who could get Unanimity from Jonduri to Bin-Er

quickly, right out from under Chaisee’s nose. Once the assets left her

shores, her reaction wouldn’t matter in the least.

Chaisee might have thought him incapable of long-term planning, but

that wasn’t the case. For all her smugness about catching spies, she’d

missed a very deep plant Henshe had successfully put inside her

organization, someone who had been in his pocket from the day he first

stepped onto Jonduri soil.

He just hoped Kalyaan still remembered the signal for linking up. It had

been a while since they last spoke.

OceanofPDF.com

FOLLOWING THROUGH

“Well?” Kalyaan said. “Aren’t you going to say anything?”

Kavik screamed and launched himself at his brother.

Kalyaan happened to be the one person who could trounce him at

wrestling every time. So when he managed to tackle Kalyaan to the carpet

and start throwing punches, some part of him knew this was an apology

gift. Kalyaan letting it happen.

That meant he had to get his licks in quickly. “You—” he shouted,

trying to get around Kalyaan’s forearms. His brother was laughing

underneath. Laughing. “YOU—”

There was no finish to the insult, because at this moment Kavik truly

did not know what Kalyaan was. Someone he hadn’t seen in years.

Someone who’d walked away from his family. He managed to grab

Kalyaan’s hair and give the back of his head a thump against the floor.

“Ow! All right, that’s enough!” In a flash, Kalyaan was behind him,

snaking an arm around his neck and yanking him backward. Kalyaan

squeezed tighter until Kavik’s spit rattled in his throat and he smacked at his

older brother’s elbows, a plea for mercy.

Kalyaan dragged Kavik to his feet. Only once they were both standing

did he release the hold. Kavik gasped as his windpipe reformed back into

shape. He took a lap around the study to catch his breath, his hands on his

kidneys like a stooped elder out for his morning walk.

Kalyaan waited patiently, resting against a bookshelf. Kavik’s brother

had not lost the perpetual leanness in his face that spoiled the chance of a

strong family resemblance. His hair had grown out, and he seemed to have

given up on keeping it tied. They’d been about the same height when they’d

seen each other last, but Kavik was shocked by the fact anyway.

“So,” said Kalyaan. “How are Mother and Father?”

“You don’t get to ask that!” Kavik snarled. “You don’t get to ask that

when you could have visited us! Written us! Let us know you were alive!”

“Kavik, I could have done absolutely none of those things.” Kalyaan

waved his arms to say look around you.

Yes, they were in Jonduri. That was the problem. “You were here the

whole time,” Kavik muttered. “Working for Zongdu Chaisee.”

Kalyaan looked embarrassed. “Technically I’m working for Zongdu

Henshe.”

Kalyaan explained that early on in his errand-running career, he associated

with like-minded, ambitious young people in the International Quarter. It

was a good way to meet potential buyers. He became friends with a lowlevel administrator named Henshe who had an appetite for risk as big as his.

They started working together, securing small advantages and trading them

into bigger ones.

The two of them were a successful team. With Kalyaan’s help, Henshe

got his name out in the ranks of Bin-Er leadership and managed to secure

more resources for more ambitious plans. Such as getting Kalyaan overseas.

“The idea was that I’d be even more valuable on the other end of a trade

route,” Kalyaan said. “A deep plant inside another zongdu’s organization?

Worth a fortune. Jonduri was the biggest opportunity. I arrived here, made

my way into Chaisee’s association, and started passing Henshe information.

I think it worked better than expected.”

“Better?!” came Kavik’s strangled reply. It was as if Kalyaan were still

choking him.

Kalyaan made the look around gesture again. “I rose faster and higher

in Chaisee’s ranks than we could have dreamed. I take care of the projects

she doesn’t want her name linked to, which means I have a say in matters.

For example, that mess you made at the warehouse? Not a problem

anymore, because I said so. Everyone, including Chaisee and Tael, will see

it as the new guy heroically saving half the goods instead of destroying half,

because I see it that way.”

He was acting like he wanted Kavik to share in this feeling. This

exuberance. “Once I got in deep, I couldn’t contact the family safely. Not

even with a messenger hawk.”

“Oh, how thoughtful of you!” Kavik shouted. “You were protecting us!”

“I’m protecting you still, Kavik. I got you through the association door

because otherwise you would have blundered straight into Chaisee’s arms.

Just because I slipped past her guard doesn’t mean you’re capable of it.

Why would you risk your life for the Avatar, of all people? There’s no gain

there.”

“You don’t know who I’m working for,” Kavik said, trying to force the

words to come out evenly. His attempt at evasion was pitiful. It was

impossible to hide from someone who had your measure so fully.

“I do, though. Given the resources it took to get me to Jonduri, there’s

no way you could have made it here recently without abusing Air Nomad

travel privileges. And the fact that you showed up at the same time as the

world’s most famous Air Nomad makes it pretty clear you’re after

something big. Hand me the logbook, won’t you?”

Kavik picked the book up from the floor and flung it at his brother’s

head. Kalyaan ducked, caught it as it bounced off the wall, and came up

laughing again. “I assume you started working for her for the same reason I

fell in league with Henshe. You thought it was the right move for the

family.”

Passes. Kavik had just wanted to get passes out, to leave the mess of the

shang cities behind. That’s how this had started.

Kalyaan laid the logbook open on the desk, inspecting the recorded

damage, the itemized contents. Kavik’s handwriting all over the pages.

“Well, now I also have to assume you’ve memorized this. Curse our

family’s steel-trap minds. I’m going to kill Tael for not doing this work

himself.”

“Like you killed Qiu? Because he might have recognized you if he got

too far inside the association? Like you killed that minister who worked for

the Avatar?”

Kalyaan did not raise his eyes from the book. Nor did he answer the

questions. “You’ve put me in a really bad spot,” he said. “If the Avatar gets

too desperate for answers, too scared on your behalf, she might smash apart

the whole trade route regardless of the consequences.”

He turned a page, and Kavik could see his brother’s swift, furious,

restless mind working at speeds he had never been able to fathom in the

past and still couldn’t now. “I need to give her a victory. A distraction,

while I pry Unanimity out of Chaisee’s grip and into Henshe’s. Once it

reaches Bin-Er, this’ll all be over.”

Vintage. Utterly vintage Kalyaan. Striding through the blizzard,

impervious to the weather. “Are you going to tell me what Unanimity is?”

Kalyaan gave him the same smirk from when they were younger, when

he came back to camp with bigger fish than anyone else. “Nothing bad. Just

leverage Henshe needs to maintain balance in Bin-Er. He wants the same

thing as your boss, really. Stability. Peace.”

The Avatar Kavik knew had railed against the idea of peace bought with

suffering. Bin-Er wasn’t balanced if the city bled families into the

mountains. “You’re afraid to tell me,” Kavik said. “You’re about to give

Henshe an asset that’ll let him get away with whatever he wants, and you

want me to close my eyes and pretend everything will be okay.”

“Because it will. Nothing bad is going to happen if the Avatar doesn’t

get her way. The sun will rise, business will go on as usual. The world will

be tomorrow much as it was yesterday.” Another flip of the page. “She just

needs to receive the right information from the right source. And then all

will be well.”

The implication was clear. “You want me to turn on her,” Kavik said.

“You want me to betray the Avatar.”

His brother at least had the decency to look up. To keep his shoulders

from shrugging. “You make it sound like you’d be plunging a dagger into

the beating heart of the Four Nations. I’ll give you some good intelligence

to pass on, treasure she’d be delighted to have in any scenario. It’ll just be a

little out of date.”

Kalyaan was already talking about his betrayal like an inevitability. An

assumption where his loyalties would lie, but a powerful one. “Why would

I do that?”

“Because you don’t owe her anything!” Kalyaan snapped. “How is that

so hard to understand?” He slammed his fist into the book. “Kavik, Henshe

has me in a bind. I have to come through for him right here and now, or else

he’ll reveal me to Chaisee. If she finds out I was a plant the whole time, I

wouldn’t be dead; I’d be wishing I was. Becoming food for shark-squids is

better than what Chaisee would do to me.”

He continued to press the pages until his knuckles cracked. “We’re in a

vulnerable position. You, me, those two Water Tribe fellows running your

safe house. You’re very good at slipping tails, Kavik, but not as good as I

am at keeping them.” Kalyaan twisted his lips. “Their names are Akuudan

and Tayagum, right? They seem to be taking good care of you. What are

they, substitutes for our parents while you’re in Jonduri?”

“Maybe they’re substitutes for you.”

His brother looked genuinely hurt. “I was going to come back,” Kalyaan

said quietly. “Once I was ready and had the means, I was going to come

back. You have to believe that.”

Kavik didn’t respond.

Kalyaan shook his head, and his grimace disappeared. Back to being the

one in charge, the one who knew more. “I am asking you to protect me,

Kavik. Have you forgotten I’m your family? These people, Henshe,

Chaisee, Yangchen; they don’t matter in the end. Let them play their games

against each other. I can admit that we’re both in a little too deep at this

point. But only one of us is going to be killed if he fails. If there’s a person

in this world you owe, it’s me, little brother. Not the Avatar.”

Somewhere along the line, the language of Middlers had infiltrated their

relationship. Kalyaan had saved his life before, and now the debt was being

called in. What had happened to them? How had they come to this? You

didn’t try to square accounts with your own flesh and blood. The notion was

madness.

“You know, if you play this right, you can have it both ways,” Kalyaan

said. “Just make the Avatar believe she needs to go to Port Tuugaq. The

assets were tested there. She’ll find plenty of clues to linger over. You’ll be

her hero.”

He smiled to himself, liking this plan the more he thought about it. “In

the meantime, she’ll be delayed long enough to miss the real shipment.

You’d have plausible deniability afterward; given the evidence, her failure

wouldn’t look like your fault. She won’t suspect you did anything wrong.

You can even remain her companion if you enjoy it so much.”

The advantage. The opportunity. Kalyaan saw things Kavik could not,

aimed at targets over the horizon and hit them as if they were inches away.

“You’d love that,” Kavik said. “Because then you’d have someone on the

inside of the Avatar’s retinue.”

“Well, yeah,” Kalyaan said. “As long as we’re being honest with each

other.”

That was it. Kavik found his limit. He broke. The act of breaking hurt,

physically. A deep, shuddering sob ripped through his chest.

He tried to laugh but only succeeded in making a dry, hollow noise, like

a ladle scraping the sides of an empty barrel. It was the sound of

capitulation. Weakness.

“Just tell me what story to give her,” Kavik said.

As soon as Kavik re-entered the inn, he knew his brother’s ruse was going

to work.

It was the way Yangchen’s eyes lit up when she saw him. The Avatar

was simply glad her friend was back, safe and sound. She refused to debrief

him until he settled down and got comfortable, bade Akuudan and Tayagum

to get him something to drink.

“We were wrong about the warehouse,” Kavik said, a steaming cup of

tea in his hands. He was wrapped in a blanket despite the Jonduri heat;

Yangchen had noticed he was shivering and draped one over his shoulders

herself. “Unanimity’s not there yet.”

He started with the truth. The battle in the warehouse. His last stand

with Jujinta, whom he took an aside to describe. The fires set by the

workers and how, lacking any other options in the moment, he’d bruteforced the crates open.

It was a great story because it was real. At the time, he’d been acting

fully in the Avatar’s interests. His audience understood very well the risk

he’d taken on behalf of the mission.

“Reckless little twerp,” Tayagum muttered. But his smirk held a hint of

respect.

There could be no better buildup for what Kavik was about to say next.

“They made me catalog the damage. So I got a perfect view of all the goods

and the logbook. There’s nothing suspicious inside the warehouse right

now. But there is a shipment scheduled to arrive in Jonduri from Port

Tuugaq with three slots in the storage queues reserved so they can be

transferred quickly from Jonduri to Bin-Er.”

The information sunk in quickly. Yangchen snapped her fingers.

“Chaisee didn’t care about the goods inside the warehouse. She only wanted

the space cleared.”

A lie that rested on an intelligent victim piecing the falsehood together

themselves was the most perfect form of the art. Each word that fell out of

Kavik’s mouth tipped the scales toward his brother’s victory. “We weren’t

too late in Jonduri,” he said. “We were too early. Unanimity is coming here

from Port Tuugaq.”

“Do you know what ship it’s on?” Akuudan asked.

Kavik gulped his tea to fight back his nausea. “The Sunbeam. Threemasted junk. I don’t know if it’s departed yet.”

He stopped there. He had a scrap of paper in his pocket that backed up

his story. The idea was to claim he’d taken a blank sheet and pressed it

against the charcoal markings in the log-book, lifting the “proof” directly

from the page.

“It’s funny; going after this information was a smart move on the

Avatar’s part,” Kalyaan had said as they were rehearsing the story. “You

were so close to getting it right with the logbook contents. So close.”

Kavik knew with absolute certainty the extra layer to the ruse, the hard

evidence, wasn’t going to be necessary. “I have to get to Port Tuugaq,”

Yangchen said, even quicker than he thought she would.

The Avatar’s trust impaled him through his heart. She couldn’t show

him the mercy of second-guessing his memory, making him repeat events

for clarity. His word was all she needed. “I have to leave as soon as

possible,” she said. “Now. If the Sunbeam is due to arrive soon, then I can

intercept it in open water by following the shipping lanes in reverse. If I

catch it before it leaves harbor, even better.”

“That could be a short flight or a very long one,” Akuudan said. “What

are you going to do once you find the Sunbeam?”

“I’ll think of something,” Yangchen said. “Spiritual intervention. Plague

check. The only thing that matters is stopping it.”

The Avatar’s happiness hurt to look at. She’d discovered she was in a

better position than she’d originally thought. Who wouldn’t be pleased to

have more time?

She looked at the others. “You two,” she said to Akuudan and Tayagum.

“I need you to keep an ear out for the warehouse workers in case Chaisee

tries to retaliate against them. Kavik, stay under your cover with the

association. If the shipment slips past me, you’re our last shot at keeping it

out of the hands of the zongdus.”

“You can’t go to Port Tuugaq alone,” Kavik said. “You won’t have

anyone to watch your back.”

The words slipped out without guile. He’d simply lapsed on which goal

he was working toward, was caught between two minds. “It’ll be fine,”

Yangchen reassured him. “Our enemies lack compunction, but I don’t think

they’ve worked their way up to murdering the Avatar yet.”

She bounded over to Kavik and gave him a crushing hug. “I knew I was

right about you,” she whispered in his ear, fondness radiating from her

embrace.

Yangchen had already been putting on plain clothes every time she

visited the inn after the first visit. When she donned her palm leaf hat, her

posture and gait turned into that of the most common form of wildlife in

Jonduri—the oblivious late-night reveler. She went out the door and

vanished into the darkness.

At Kalyaan’s orders, Kavik spent the next two days at the association safe

house instead of the inn. He told Tayagum and Akuudan sleeping there

would help protect his cover.

Really, they were being split up so they could be watched separately.

“The association will know if you’ve warned your friends,” Kalyaan had

told him. “Don’t tell them anything. For their own safety.”

Kavik took his advice and said nothing to the men who had risked

themselves to shelter and feed him. Told them nothing about the danger

they were in.

At the association hall there was little work to be found, so the place

was mostly empty. He had no one left to talk to but Jujinta. Another

dislodged person with nowhere else to go in the city. After some

conversation, Kavik came to a fresher understanding of his partner’s intense

spiritual concerns, even if Jujinta refused to explain where he came from,

the exact terms of his brother’s death, or how he was responsible.

“There are crimes one cannot live down,” Jujinta said over a

Sparrowbones table, where the two of them pushed tiles around into

winning patterns, unable to play for real without more members of their

group. “Certain acts cannot be forgiven.”

“Not even by the right person?”

Jujinta seemed determined to remain unworthy. “The person who could

have granted me forgiveness is gone,” he said. “I ask the spirits every day

and receive no answer. I don’t know who else I could turn to for guidance.”

It wasn’t Kavik, that much was certain. He had his own betrayal to

finish carrying out. The next day, at Kalyaan’s orders, he left Jujinta behind,

left both safe houses behind, and got on a ship bound for Bin-Er, alongside

the very boxes containing Unanimity.

OceanofPDF.com

DREAMS WITHIN DREAMS

Yangchen had to be careful along the journey. Southern storms could roll in

quickly from the horizon, and when dark weather caught you in the air, it

chewed you up and swallowed you into the sea.

It was times like these where Yangchen’s difficulties with sleep had an

upside. She dozed a little when she could. She trusted Nujian to grumble if

he spotted signs of people in the water below, and when he needed to rest,

she kept watch while he floated in place. They ate sparingly from the same

rations of dried vegetables and drank from clouds she condensed with

bending, but she knew her companion was burning his fat reserves without

the chance to forage on land.

When they passed through the invisible wall of a cold front, and the

mists crawling over the waves sent a shiver up her spine, a part of Yangchen

wished she had listened to Kavik and not come alone.

Jetsun’s previous visits to the Spirit World had prepared her well to guide

Yangchen through her first. The older nun stepped sure-footed across a

brook of flowing crystal. Yangchen just had to walk where she walked.

“The Spirit World is different things to different people at different

times,” Jetsun said. “But it’s safe as long as you keep respect in your heart.

The more you can ask, listen, and give thanks to your surroundings before

your impact is felt, the better. Even holding the intention in your mind is

good.”