Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 15)

They’d gone only a little way when Yangchen heard a deep huff. The

expulsion of air from a powerful set of lungs, bigger than a human’s. She’d

grown up around the bellowing of sky bison, but this wasn’t the sleepy

grumble of a herbivore. This was a swift clearing of the nostrils, to better

taste the air for prey.

Yangchen’s breath clouded in frost, even though it had been perfectly

warm seconds ago. As if the trees were not far away, and were only pieces

of dressing for a stage, a creature stepped out from behind them. It looked

like a tiger-dillo, clothed in blue. Either it wore a pointed hat on its head, or

it possessed a horn that looked exactly like one. Painted red lips curled back

to reveal rows of jagged white fangs, curving in random directions, more

hedge thorns than teeth.

A second spirit, and a third appeared. “Shishi,” Jetsun said, gazing at

them. “They look intimidating but they’re playful.” When she didn’t get a

response, she turned around.

The Avatar had frozen in place.

“What’s wrong?” Jetsun asked. “You’re not afraid of beasts. You had

the Southern Chieftain’s polar bear–dog eating out of your hand when you

were eight.”

True. Yangchen was not afraid of animals. Animals loved her and she

loved them back. But Yangchen wasn’t the person whose terror the shishi

were smelling.

The nuns of the Western Temple had erred. Dagmola, Tsering, Jetsun,

and even Yangchen herself. They all believed a visit to the Spirit World

could help her establish a solid identity, bolster her young mind against the

ancient anguish. An extra tether she could rely on when the ghosts of the

Four Nations became too strong.

But they’d never considered an overwhelming memory occurring inside

the Spirit World, brought on by a previous Avatar’s fear of the realm

beyond the physical. The shishi licked their slavering lips. Their eyes,

which at first had seemed mere daubs on a flat scroll, gained depth and

focus. Their faces wrinkled with humanlike, malevolent contours.

“Yangchen,” Jetsun said calmly, firmly. “You don’t have to stay. You

can wake up.”

She tasted flowing blood. She’d bitten a chunk out of the inside of her

cheek. Her knees locked up. The pack of spirits fanned out into a hunting

formation.

Jetsun grabbed the Avatar, tossed her over her shoulder, and ran.

Because Jetsun was holding her charge so close, she was unable to see

the child Yangchen had become. Yangchen’s sleeves had turned an undyed

color. Her hands had shrunk to a younger, smaller size and she cried out in

an unfamiliar pattern. Aam, aam. Not ma or mama or am-ma. The spirits

were black flames licking along the grass, chasing them, closing in.

The growling and panting grew louder. Was there ever such an oftrepeated story? A woman racing for safety, holding a child, chased by

predators. “Wake up,” Jetsun murmured into her ear. Yangchen didn’t know

how she had breath to flee and speak at the same time. “I won’t leave you

here. Wake up for me first, and then I’ll be right behind you.”

They came to a halt. The brook had turned into a river, raging, churning.

Deliverance might have lain on the other side, but the beaded jewels had

been replaced by a syrupy dark tar that hissed when it spattered along the

bank.

They would never make it across. Jetsun decided on something.

Yangchen could feel her determination pass through their chests, two bodies

skewered by the same spear.

In one swift motion, Jetsun ripped her orange shawl from her shoulders

and bundled it over Yangchen’s head. She didn’t want the Avatar to see her

fate. She took Yangchen under the arms and shoved her as hard as she could

into the air. “WAKE UP!” Jetsun screamed.

Yangchen fell and fell but never landed. Not on the riverbank or in the

bilious flow. She opened her eyes, back in her own skin. She saw Abbess

Dagmola cradling Jetsun’s slumped-over body, trying to rouse her. Tsering

stared at Yangchen like a musician who’d left the last note of the piece

unplayed.

Yangchen would forever remember the moment as the first time she was

asked a question beyond her years, begged for an answer she couldn’t

provide. “Avatar,” Tsering whispered. “What—What happened?”

OceanofPDF.com

BASIC TRADECRAFT

A body empty of its spirit couldn’t survive long, not even with the best

healing.

Wake up, she’d sobbed at Jetsun’s bedside. Wake up. Please. I’m sorry I

was afraid. I’m sorry.

When it was over, they’d honored her sister as a temple elder and

companion of the Avatar who’d laid down her life to protect the bridge

between humans and spirits. Future Avatars might look at the name Jetsun

with awe and respect. Or they’d close the book they’d found it in and go

back to their lives.

Yangchen sometimes felt like she still hadn’t touched down in the

physical world after being thrown into the air by her sister, that she’d been

subjected to a twisted version of Guru Laghima’s famous feat of

weightlessness, cursed to never have a stable footing again. After she’d

recovered from the ordeal of Jetsun’s funeral, she’d spent two weeks in the

library’s history wing to understand which of her past lives had been so

averse to one side of the bridge—with the goal of what, lambasting the dead

for cowardice?—and found nothing.

When she was finally able to get back to the Spirit World, there were no

shishi. The location she’d meditated to with Jetsun was neither her entry

point nor a place she could find, and she walked many a maddeningly

similar dream landscape in search of beastly spirits. No success. She never

had the chance to definitively prove that it hadn’t been her fault, that

Yangchen could stand up to the exact same creature her past life could not.

The vision the phoenix-eels had shown her, the view purportedly from

Jetsun’s eyes—a double impossibility. That howling mist. Yangchen had

personally never heard of such a place, and if its secrets lay buried deeper in

a musty archive or reincarnated memory, then a painful search lay ahead.

Was it possible for a human being’s spirit to survive onward, long after the

body had perished? There were stories, tales of gurus who had departed

from their physical forms peacefully, but of course no firsthand testimonies.

Finding the answer would require more time and strength than she could

spare right now.

The easiest thing would be to assume the vision was a trick. A lie.

Because if it wasn’t, then her sister had been trapped, still was trapped, in a

place of never-ending torment.

She would find Jetsun if there was a Jetsun to be found, she vowed.

She didn’t sleep the rest of the way to Port Tuugaq. She was running out

of route and she still hadn’t spotted the ship she was looking for.

The only vessels Yangchen had seen going the opposite way were

smaller boats that would be subject to the snarls of docking long enough

where she was able to make peace with letting them pass. She would likely

have to reveal herself to confront the shipment, and she had to make sure

she didn’t waste the chance checking out lesser possibilities.

Eventually the clouds parted to reveal Port Tuugaq, the southernmost

shang city. The Shimsom Islands had always been home to trading posts

and temporary fairs nestled along its rivers, but the Platinum Affair had

forced the locals to choose a permanent victor. Big Island’s deepest harbor

won, and a town was quickly raised from logs and stone.

Southern Water Tribe traders avoided the trap of “clearance” by staying

away from the newly declared city limits and using small numbers of gobetweens to handle the movement of valuable ivory, hides, and nighimperishable dried cod-flounder. They came and left the lands around Port

Tuugaq as they pleased, which meant the city was neither as big as Bin-Er

nor as unhappy. Its zongdu, Ashoona, was in Agna Qel’a for a

constitutional that had lasted the better part of a year, and Yangchen had

decided he was unlikely to be a player in the current game. If she ran into

trouble here, it would be from the agents of Chaisee and Henshe.

Using the cover of a cloud, Yangchen circled Nujian in the air at a

distance from the unimaginative blocks of Port Tuugaq, which were scored

into the gravel coast like a baker would divide flour. Her bison’s path

wobbled. Nujian was weakening and needed to forage after the hard

journey. She had already given him her remaining rations to keep him

airborne up to this point, and she herself felt like a reed drawn through the

fingers until the sides touched.

She couldn’t stay here in the air indefinitely to wait for a ship matching

the Sunbeam’s description to leave. She would approach the docks from

inside the city itself, she decided. She just had to figure out an entry

strategy.

Port Tuugaq, due to its smaller size, had a stockade wall around it. One

end opened to the water, and the other bulged around a massive lumberyard

containing stacks of logs as big as houses. She had few options for getting

inside, none of them good. She could be spotted by moonlight as easily as

the sun, caught approaching from the water just as well as land. The guard

stations had excellent fields of view over the lands surrounding the city.

She had the urge to simply leap off Nujian’s back, to catch herself with

nothing but wind like she’d done so many times on the airball court, and

land in the middle of the city. It was a foolish notion, would blow her cover,

but she could taste the hours, the minutes she might save, more than the

food her body was crying out for. No, she reminded herself. You’re so close.

You’re so close. Play this smart. Play this right.

Despite the very act being painful, she turned Nujian around to land

farther away from the city.

Yangchen crouched behind the reverse slope of a small hill, out of sight

from the guard stations posted along the lumberyard end of Port Tuugaq.

She chopped sideways with the edge of her hand, earth-bending the

frozen ground loose along the breadth of the open field—but not moving it.

Not yet. Dust and soil moving on its own was a sure sign of bending at

work.

But dust on the wind? Just the weather. Once Yangchen had enough

earth prepared, she began drawing air to her.

The breeze blowing against the city turned into a gale. The dirt became

flying grit. Handily, there were thick trails of wooden splinters and bark

shavings outside the walls, adding to the mix of debris.

Yangchen saw the guards in their stations turn their heads away, shield

their faces, pull their hoods tighter. As generous a gift as she would get.

Yangchen crested the hill and applied more wind to her back.

She ran, barely touching the ground, her feet acting only as nudges to

keep her stable. She crossed the distance to the wall in the blink of an eye

and sped through the lumberyard gate.

Yangchen didn’t stop running until she reached the cover of a massive

log pile. She skidded to a halt, gouging small trenches into the ground with

her heels, and checked behind her to see if she’d been made.

The pair guards above the gate rubbed their faces and swore at the sky.

One of them cursed the spirits, and the other laughed. Yangchen stared at

them for a moment before pulling her hood over her head and skulking

away.

Port Tuugaq was built out of unsanded Yesso timbers still bleeding sap.

Houses were double-walled with sod for insulation. The streets were paved

with little splinters of bark, trampled down by countless footsteps.

From the safety of a corner, Yangchen peered into a large avenue,

presumably one of the arteries that fed the international sector. The odd

clerk scurried from house to house, their shoulders hunched against the

wind, but there weren’t as many people about as she’d expected.

She needed to get to a spot where she could see the docks. And ideally

rest. Eat. The technique of air-assisted speed used up so much energy. If she

acknowledged that she was on the verge of collapse after her journey, she

would surely teeter over the edge.

Her clothes, the same heavy quilted coat and skirt she’d worn in Bin-Er,

blended in well enough. Keeping her chin tucked, she walked down the

main street toward the water. After a minute she snapped her fingers in the

air, miming the act of forgetting something important. She glanced over her

shoulder, wondering if she should go back for it, then waved the idea away

and continued walking.

Yangchen turned at the next corner and pressed her back to the wall,

staying in the angle of a shadow. One person strolled by, oblivious to

anything but the shallot flatbread he was eating, and Yangchen nearly lost

count at one, so distracted was she by the smell. Then a second person

passed, and a third. The third person, a woman carrying a bale of empty

burlap sacks, noticed Yangchen loitering for no reason and gave her a

strange look. But that was of no concern.

The fourth person she’d seen behind her walking in the same direction

never materialized, even though there were no doors he could have

plausibly gone into on her side of the street. Which meant he’d paused after

losing sight of her. He was hanging back a safe distance.

I’ve got a tail, Yangchen thought.

Based on the quick glimpse she had when she’d “forgotten something,”

combined with the process of elimination, it was the short man with the

patch on his parka. Normally she would have been thrilled. Tails were for

people who were on the right track.

Yangchen went to the other end of the block and kept heading in the

same direction along the parallel avenue. If Patch showed up again then she

could be sure he was following her. But to do so would be clumsy of him,

and she expected better.

There was a group on the opposite side of the street, huddled around an

outdoor fire and a steaming cauldron of hot fermented rice drink. She

passed the gathering as closely as she could, enough to scrape coats, which

caught them by surprise. Sure enough, she immediately overheard two of

the men telling their friends goodbye. In their haste they burned their

tongues on their final sips and said the names of the people they wanted to

give their regards to a little too loud.

So. A pair behind her and one roaming. She’d been marked as

suspicious for sure, by men who were likely in Chaisee’s or Henshe’s

pocket. But did they know who she really was? There was no plausible

reason for them to guess she was the Avatar. Regardless, her plans had

fallen apart. Any hope of recovery was going to require some quick surgery.

She detoured again, her pattern now a zigzag no reasonable person

would take. She caught sight of Patch again, in front of her this time. Well,

that’ s just sloppy.

Yangchen stalked toward him, expecting the man to slide out of her way

in the hope she hadn’t made him yet. But he stood his ground. She frowned

under her hood and slowed at an intersection to get her bearings. Only one

of the drinks stand patrons was behind her, to the south. The other had

swung around to close off the street to the west.

She wasn’t being tailed. She was being herded.

Flee east. They wanted her to move east; they probably had a trap

waiting. Flee over the rooftops. Making her escape with airbending would

have been trivial. It would also tip them off that an Air Nomad willing to

put on a disguise and sneak around their employer’s secret project was here.

She would have to pick one element, not air, and stick with it. Water?

None at hand. Fire? It was getting darker fast, and she didn’t want to draw

more attention. Or even worse, light up her face. It would have to be earth.

She must have given away a tell when she decided, glanced down at the

ground without realizing it, because Patch did too, lowering his eyes. He

was an Earthbender, and now he assumed she was one as well. He would

wait and listen as they approached, probably attempt to counteract any

moves she made using the earth between them while his partners attacked

from the left and right.

Pack tactics. A glint of metal in one of their hands. The three men

closed in. The nearest house was dark, no one inside who might come if she

yelled.

The urge to run filled her body; Yangchen’s breath turned to mist in the

dropping temperature. Maybe the reason she hadn’t been able to find shishi

during her meditations into the Spirit World beyond the first was because

she’d crossed over with selfishness in her heart, failing at Jetsun’s challenge

to only exist, and not seek. She’d wanted to prove she was braver than her

past lives, and the Spirit World, knowing, had forever denied her that

opportunity.

The physical world, however, was content to give her plenty of chances

to face her fears.

She stamped hard upon the ground, letting her head drift down and to

the left. The Earthbender’s gaze followed, thinking the attack would come

from that section of the street. But the glance was a fake. Yangchen had

sought out different earth.

She chambered her fists and clumps of sod burst out of a bad seal in the

log walls belonging to the house behind the three men. Patch and the fellow

to his right took the soft but weighty masses of earth and grass to the backs

of their heads and were out like candles. The third man, however, managed

to twist at the last second, catching the sod in the ribs. He fell to his hands

and knees, his knife clattering away, and looked up just in time to catch

Yangchen’s hood falling off her head from an errant flying pebble.

For a moment they were both very still. Recognition dawned on the

man’s face, and then sheer confusion took over. If he didn’t know she was

the Avatar before, he certainly knew now. It occurred to Yangchen that they

were arranged like a painting, the bridge between spirits and humans

receiving a prostrating supplicant.

She used the man’s hesitation to air spout him up, and then drive him

back to the ground hard, knocking him unconscious.

Yangchen looked around at the aftermath of the victory and bit the heel

of her hand. Captives. She had captives now. Including one who knew she

was the Avatar. Letting them go wasn’t an option, but any hidden prison she

could bend, underground or in the ice outside the city, would more than

likely kill them. They had to be brought inside somewhere, quickly.

She stared at her limp, downed foes as if they might offer up a solution.

She herself could think of only one. And she really, really didn’t want to use

it.

While most of Port Tuugaq had been constructed after the Platinum Affair,

it had been the site of Water Tribe trade fairs going back into the ancient

past. There were a few great qarmat of turf and stone in the city that had

been carefully maintained over the centuries, and they remained important

centers to those who knew their significance.

Yangchen knocked on the door of one such lodge. The door opened

slightly ajar. Inside, flickering lamps cast warmth and light. A Water

Tribesman in his thirties peered at her through the crack.

“I’m looking for a game,” she said.

At this distance it was impossible for him not to see her face and tattoos.

His eyes widened and he tried to shut the door. Yangchen flicked her foot

and earthbent a rock into the hinge, preventing him from locking her out. “I

said I want a game. You’re not going to humor me and get the board?”

“I’m pretty sure you’re not a member,” he said.

Not the answer she wanted. “I see you favor the White Lotus Gambit.

Not many still cling to the ancient ways,” Yangchen said, lowering her

voice half in mimicry, half in mockery of this man who was trying to bar

the garden gate to she who had eaten the fruit and tasted its mysteries.

“Those who do can always find a friend,” she replied to herself normally.

The man pulled on the handle with more force, to no avail. Yangchen

would continue having both sides of this conversation if need be. “Jasmine

one-seven,” she said. “Rose two-six, White Lily three-six, Chrysanthemum

four-six, White Jade five-six, Rhododendron six-six, Dragon at two-five,

start with Knotweed at five-two.”

She stopped to take a breath. “Repeat tile sequence but mirror the

placement along the zero-zero six-six line, repeat for the remaining three

quadrants, following Knotweed with the appropriate tile in the element

cycle. Welcome, sister. The White Lotus opens wide to those who know her

secrets.”

He stared at her, bewildered. She didn’t have time for him to parse out

that her identifying arrangements were indeed correct. “Look, the deal is

right there in the last part of the pass-phrase,” she said. “You can’t actually

be certain that I’m not a member. The hurdle is knowing the secrets, and I

know the secrets. You are obligated to open wide.”

While he didn’t comply with enthusiasm, he at least stuck his head out

to check if Yangchen had been followed. “What is it you really want?”

She stepped back to reveal the three unconscious bodies she’d sledged

here using earthbending under the cover of darkness. “Some help dealing

with this.”

The color drained out of the man’s face. “I need to ask a higher-ranking

Lotus,” he said. He pulled the door shut hard enough to snap the bottom

hinge and left Yangchen waiting in the freezing night air.

CONVERSATIONS

Eventually the door keeper and two more men came around to drag away

the tails Yangchen had knocked out. She was let into the qarmaq. The first

thing she did was to go over to the qulliq and sit down. Without registering

any of the other details inside, and before she could stop herself, she nodded

off, helpless against her fatigue.

She woke up shouting a curse, unsure of where she was or whether her

ship had set sail.

“Relax,” said a woman who was tending to the moss wicks of the oil

lamp. “You’ve only been napping for an hour. The world’s not going to end

before sunrise.”

Easy for her to say. “The ships,” Yangchen slurred. She slapped her

cheeks with both hands until she was fully awake. “Did any ships leave port

around sunset?”

“No vessels left after midday. No departures are scheduled tomorrow

either, if that’s what you’re worried about.”

Yangchen had already said more than she wanted to in front of this

woman who was already prying. Unanimity was still in Port Tuugaq, which

meant she could technically rest easy for a little while. Technically. “What

happened to the men I brought?”

“They’re being held in a secure place until you decide what to do.” The

woman had grasped the Air Avatar’s need to keep them silenced, but not

harmed. She leaned closer to the firelight, letting Yangchen take in her

weathered face, her pale blue eyes. “You can call me Mama.”

Yangchen knew Mama was checking to see if the Avatar recognized her.

And the only reason she’d do that was if they’d crossed paths before. But

Yangchen hadn’t seen this woman anywhere she could remember, at least

not up close.

Advantage to her host. “Thank you, Mama.”

They were alone in the room. The woman beckoned at a cooking pot

over the fire. A trail of soup streamed into a bowl, which she gave to

Yangchen. “Meatless,” she said.

Yangchen would certainly have been forgiven by the Western Temple in

this case, but she was grateful for the accommodation anyway. She took the

bowl and said nothing until she’d finished three servings. It was the first

meal she’d eaten in days.

“The paths of the White Lotus and the Avatar normally only intertwine

during moments of generational import,” Mama said. “Not because

someone needs to stash a few bodies. I don’t know how one of your past

lives got access to our recognition codes, but it was a mistake to let it

happen.”

“How do you know it wasn’t me who got access to them?”

Mama fixed her with her gaze. “Because you’re an amateur.” She filled

a cup with tea and pushed it into Yangchen’s hands. “You’re the rankest sort

of amateur there is. You’re too active, you do too many things yourself on

the operation, and you expect results too quickly. You’ve no ability to wait,

whatsoever.”

This was why she didn’t ask favors from the White Lotus. For Mama to

say that meant they had watched her struggle after Tienhaishi. Nothing

during her travails back then suggested an organization of the world’s

wisest masters was secretly helping her behind the scenes. The White

Lotus, like everyone else, had turned their eyes away from immense

suffering and done nothing. She couldn’t forgive that.

Perhaps Mama was referring to her actions around Unanimity, and she’d

been under observation this whole time like an insect tricked into thinking

the stick and leaf in her jar made up the entire world. “You’re not the local

depot keeper,” Yangchen said. “As far as I can tell, you’re too high ranking

of a Lotus. And you’re from the North, not the South. That means you’ve

come all the way down to Port Tuugaq for an important task that couldn’t

be trusted to anyone else. You’re investigating something, aren’t you?”

Mama didn’t answer.

“We could do an information trade,” Yangchen offered. “That’s what

you professionals do all the time, isn’t it? If you think I’m such a fool, let’s

compare leads and see who got further to their goal.”

“Stop,” Mama said, looking as exasperated as any Western Temple

elder. “Just stop. Stop playing around and for once think about the kind of

Avatar you want to be.”

You mean what kind of figurehead, Yangchen thought. How should I

pose for my statue? Have the people around me been sufficiently awed by

my presence? How long did awe feed a person anyway? How long did it

keep them warm?

Mama could see she wasn’t getting through. “You think spying and

intelligence and deception is a good use of your power. Such a waste when

you, more than any person in known history, could inspire people with the

truth instead.”

“And what do you mean by that?”

“Practically every Avatar struggles to commune with their past selves,”

Mama said. “But you! The wealth of knowledge and wisdom at your

fingertips! If you embraced your gift, walked with your predecessors along

the courses of their lives to the breadth and depth you alone among the

generations seem to be able to do, then there would be no limit to your

accomplishments! You could guide the Four Nations to a new gilded era,

because you were there for the old ones!”

“How do you know about my gift?”

Yangchen’s question was sharp and swift enough for the older woman to

realize she’d made a mistake. The lights grew dim. The emotions of

Firebenders could manifest in surrounding flames and right now the Avatar

was ready to burst. “How do you know about my gift?” Yangchen repeated

slowly.

Only the Western Temple elders fully understood her relationship with

her past lives. They’d kept the secret well, just like they’d promised to each

other. For a member of the White Lotus to know . . .

That meant Yangchen had been spied upon since childhood. Since

before she’d been revealed to the world as the Avatar.

“You had someone in the Western Air Temple,” she murmured. “You

had someone in my home, evaluating me like an asset. In my home.”

“You were the most important child in the world.” Mama wouldn’t look

her in the eye. “And you were unstable. It would have been irresponsible

not to monitor you.”

The lamplight fractured into crosses, blurred by Yangchen’s tears. The

sheer hypocrisy of telling her not to be concerned with spies, to then go on

and explain she’d been the target of spies since before she could remember.

“That was my home, do you understand? That was my home!”

She was holding tea for some reason. She put it down and stood up. The

motion made her dizzy and her shoulder found a wall to rest on. “That was

my home,” she said again, as if enough repetitions could force Mama to

fully understand the extent of the violation, that Yangchen wasn’t talking

about a place but a time in her life, her own life.

Her childhood in the Western Temple was supposed to be the part of her

that was real. The part free of manipulations and ulterior motives. And it

was gone now. It had been painted with the same dirty ink as every other

operation that had gone on in the history of the Four Nations.

Could it have been Dagmola or Tsering answering to the White Lotus?

Was she to suspect Boma forevermore? And Jetsun. If Jetsun had masters

outside the temple, had been feigning sisterhood with Yangchen to get an

outcome better suited to their needs . . .

Then there wasn’t a Yangchen. There was no person inside the robes.

She’d be as the phoenix-eels said. An empty shell with no yolk inside.

She slid down the wall, the seams of her coat tearing against the roughhewn stone. “That was my home,” she said, choking on the falsehood of it

all.

Yangchen folded into the corner. Mama came over and knelt beside her.

“I’m sorry,” she said, with a flatness that acknowledged how useless the

apology was. She turned Yangchen so she wasn’t bending her spine

sideways and tucked a rolled-up quilt between her and the wall.

Mama’s earlier confession robbed the warmth from the gesture. She

wasn’t trying to provide Yangchen comfort. She was making sure the

Avatar didn’t hit her head. The White Lotus’s agent inside the temple had

told them about the liability. The asset had to be protected.

Better not to know who it was. Better never to ask. “I already tried,”

Yangchen whispered. Her throat was scraped and raw, as if a common

illness had chosen to strike her at her lowest point.

“Tried what?”

“I already tried your suggestion.” She shivered and pulled the corners of

the quilt around her. “I sought out the Avatars of eras gone by. At some

point I figured, why not go on the attack, you know?” The emotional storms

brought on by memories of her past lives so vivid she couldn’t tell who or

where or when she was, didn’t preclude trying to commune the more

dignified way.