Title: Preamble (Part 2)

caused her long black hair to stream behind her, blown by an unseen wind.

There was a small cut along her forehead, higher than her hairline would

have normally been. The redness stood out on the wide blue arrow tattooed

onto her scalp.

Nicked herself shaving, Kavik thought. An Air Nomad. Why would an

Air Nomad be staying in the Blue Manse, which was normally reserved for

—

Oh no.

Oh no.

The girl opened her eyes. They widened a little when she saw Kavik,

but not by much. She stopped drying her hair and looked at the scroll in his

hands. “Please don’t take that,” she said. “I haven’t finished studying it.”

Kavik swallowed. If he could open his mouth to speak, he might pray to

the Moon and Ocean that this wasn’t actually happening, and he was

imagining it all in his head. But the one human being who could intercede

on his behalf with the spirits was the very person he’d burgled. She could

swat down his pleas, leaving him a luckless forsaken husk.

He handed the scroll back. He could do nothing else.

“Thank you,” Avatar Yangchen said as she took the paper from him.

“You might want to cover your ears now. I’ve been told I can scream pretty

loud.”

FLIGHT

Spirits above, she wasn’t kidding. The Avatar’s airbending-powered cry

hurt Kavik’s ears through his palms and snuffed the oil lamp’s wick out.

The force of her lungs hit him in waves like the roar of a tiger-dillo.

A pair of guards came running down the hallway and blocked the exit.

“Intruder!” they bellowed once they spotted Kavik. “Intruder in the Avatar’s

room!”

One of them raised his fist. Firebender. Kavik didn’t think. On instinct,

he grabbed the nearest cover and ducked behind it. To everyone’s great

shock, including his own, that was the Avatar herself.

“Swine!” The Firebender was hoarse with fury. “How dare you!”

Hey, no one felt worse about it than him. Using the holiest figure in the

world like a plank shield was not his proudest moment. He turned her so

she faced her guards and stayed low, clinging to her waist like a shipwreck

survivor to driftwood.

Through the side of his face pressed to her back, he felt a shake. Was

she laughing? “Be careful,” she said to her guards. “He’s a Waterbender.”

That’s right, he was a Waterbender. And they were inside a house of ice.

One wrong move and he could send deadly shards hurtling into her flesh

from all directions. If he were a total monster.

The guards hesitated, and that was enough. The Avatar’s warning

helped Kavik more than anything. He let go of her and stepped back to

create some space, jostling the table behind him. A pile of envelopes

scattered like fallen leaves.

“What are the chances we can forget this ever happened?” Kavik said to

the room. “Genuinely asking.”

Dead silence. “No? All right, then.” With a flourish, he leaned back and

splashed through the floor.

The plan was to ignore the cold for now and break his fall with a liquefied

section of the Blue Manse. Plunge to the ground level, and then run out the

front door.

For the halfest of seconds he was a genius. A squad of guards barreling

up the stairs to protect the Avatar didn’t notice the boy dropping behind

them. He reached for the ice that made up the first-floor ceiling and melted

it enough to avoid an unpleasant impact, squeezing through the makeshift

portal and then—

—he got stuck. The water had solidified around one of his ankles,

nearly tearing his hip out of its socket, and now he dangled upside down in

a reception area, full of tables laden with fine food.

The party was abandoned, the very important guests having fled when

the Avatar screamed, no doubt. The only people who remained were two

Water Tribe guards who approached Kavik cautiously, one of them wearing

a waterskin over his shoulder so he wouldn’t have to ruin the architecture

like the intruder had. He must have been the Waterbender who’d trapped

Kavik like a side of meat hanging in a smokehouse.

“Brothers?” Kavik tried.

The non-bender hefted a ball club. His partner flicked the cap off his

waterskin.

Okay, reasonable. Kavik flung his arms around, freezing the water

inside the pouch. The act would buy him an extra moment as the man

struggled in confusion to get his element out of its container. Fire was

always fire and rocks were rocks, but water-bending had the extra snag of

managing the change from solid to liquid and back again.

While the bender was distracted, Kavik pulled himself toward his ankle

and freed his leg, just in time to avoid the club and fall on the off-balance

man who swung it. He clung tight to the guard’s parka, planted his feet in

the man’s hipbones, and rolled them over to put his opponent on top so he

could take the brunt of the water blast the bender finally managed to get

out.

The blow was hard enough to knock the man unconscious. These guys

were out for blood. Kavik flung the limp guard off him and spun on his

back, not bothering to rise, and kicked a strip of water off the wall,

connecting his foot to the other bender’s. A yank took the second man

down.

The closer to the ground they stayed, the more they flopped around, the

better. Kavik was only average at the push and pull of traditional elemental

combat, but no one had beaten him at wrestling in years. Bending gave him

more limbs to work with.

Kavik dodged the water whip that sliced down at his head and froze it to

the floor, turning the liquid into ice all the way back up the other bender’s

arm, pinning him in place. Now was his chance to get away. He scrambled

to his feet and leaped out the door.

But before his foot touched down, he was sucked back into the jaws of

the Blue Manse by an unseen force tugging on his shirt from behind,

slurped up like a noodle in soup. He’d taken too long. The Waterbender

must have freed himself faster than expected and reconnected them. Kavik

landed in the welcoming embrace of four more guards. It was over.

They dogpiled him, twisting his arms behind his back. Through the

muffling of their furs, he heard the Avatar’s voice. “Don’t hurt the boy,” she

ordered. “Take him to the basement and make sure he’s unharmed. I wish to

speak with him in a few minutes.”

The full weight of his crimes sunk in as they hauled Kavik away. This

wasn’t just a bad run. He wasn’t just going to the magistrate’s cells. This

was the Avatar he’d crossed. What kind of punishment did you get for that?

FORGIVENESS

It turned out Kavik’s punishment was pretty basic. It started with a regular

old beating.

“Street scum!” A boot landed square in his stomach as he lay curled up

on the basement floor. He wrapped himself tighter around the ball of pain in

his gut. “How dare you defile the chambers of the Avatar! Laying your

filthy hands on her!”

Kavik noticed the trimming on the guard’s clothes as they kicked him.

Red, green, blue. At least hurting him was a multinational effort. He tried to

explain with the little remaining air he had left. “I didn’t mean to—”

“Shut up!” A fist cracked him across the jaw. Blood spilled into his

mouth.

Kavik buried his face back into his elbows, but no more blows came.

“Stand him up,” said the leader. “She’s coming.”

They hoisted him to his feet while he was still in a daze. He heard

footsteps coming down the stairs. A swishing hem, a clatter of beads. Once

his vision unblurred, the Avatar stood before him in her full regalia. A

bloom of yellow and orange, dappled with wooden medallions. She was

startlingly pretty. Against the frosted basement walls, her serene features

and deep gray eyes stood out like artwork.

He caught himself and quickly banished the thought from his head. This

was the Avatar.

She noticed the small trickle of blood leaking from the corner of

Kavik’s mouth. “Captain Gai,” she said to the leader of her guards.

“Yes, Mistress?”

“You’re fired.”

The bluntness of her statement caused it bounce off Kavik’s ears. Gai

needed a moment too. “I’m sorry?” he said.

The Avatar turned to him. “You and your men are all fired. I told you

not to hurt him and you did. What’s not to understand?”

“But . . . but . . .”

“None of you are eligible for employment for security in the Avatar’s

retinue anymore.” Her voice never rose above a conversational level, and

yet the men wilted as if she were spouting dragon’s breath. “Report to

Boma and tell him what you did so he can strike your names from the lists.

Now.”

Kavik had never seen so many grown men hang their heads like

children. They shuffled back up the stairs, leaving him alone with the

Avatar. She took a step closer.

He threw himself at her feet, pressing his forehead to the cold floor.

“I’m sorry!” he wailed. “I’m so sorry! I didn’t know! I didn’t know!”

“Shh-shh, it’s all right.” She knelt down and raised his head. Through

his tears he saw her bend some clean water from a basin. The pulsing liquid

shone when she pressed it to his face. The swelling subsided, and he could

feel the gash on the inside of his mouth seal itself.

“Hands now,” she said. “Before they fall off.”

She’d noted the early stages of frostbite. Kavik held out his hands. The

Avatar layered his fingers between hers, the gesture uncomfortably

intimate, and this time the glow was warm. Feeling returned to his skin.

Fixing damage from the cold was a lengthy, specific process, and he

wondered how she came by the knowledge.

“Are you hurt anywhere else?” she asked. “What about your body?”

He shook his head. His stomach was bruised but his ribs were still

intact. “I’m fine.”

She looked like she doubted that very much. “You picked the wrong

stage in the Avatar cycle to rob. Air Nomads don’t have much in the way of

possessions.”

He owed her the truth. “I didn’t know it was the Avatar’s room. And I

wasn’t after valuables. I wanted information I could sell.”

“Ah.” She raised her eyebrows, her interest piqued. “You must be one of

those errand runners Bin-Er is so famous for. I was warned before coming

here that I’d be entering a city of spies.”

So she’d heard. In the shang territories, information intelligence was by

far the most desirable currency. Fortunes traveled on paper. Deals in the

making, contracts, meeting notes, even sharply worded letters could herald

business opportunities with unlimited potential upside for anyone in the

know. Sometimes there was only a verbal agreement tying obscene sums of

money together, in which case you needed a person listening in the right

place at the right time.

The Avatar sighed and shook her head. “Everyone you meet in Bin-Er is

in someone else’ s pocket, or so I’ve heard the saying go. Which shang do

you work for?”

“None,” Kavik said. “I’m independent. I’m just trying to survive day to

day.”

“Supporting a family?”

“No.” His voice cracked. “I came to Bin-Er by myself after my parents

died. I thought there’d be steady work, but I couldn’t find any. I’ve got

nothing to my name.”

“You’re alone.” She stared into the distance, as if she were mulling over

a strange scent, before returning to him. “I’m sorry. I’ve never really been

alone, not ever. I can’t imagine what it’s been like for you.”

“It’s hard in the city.” He sniffed and wiped his nose. “Touts for work

crews come to your village and tell stories about how the streets of Bin-Er

are paved in gold and anyone who’s clever enough can become a great

merchant as long as they work hard,” he said. “Then you get here and find

out the harsh truth. You’re not worth anything until someone else decides

you are.”

The lamplight flickered, and he thought he saw a flash of anger,

approaching hatred, ripple across her face. But he must have imagined it.

Her expression of Air Nomad grace was all the stronger for the troubled

twist of her lips. “I’m hoping I can change such attitudes before they

become permanent. Let a problem last for too long and people begin to

believe it’s not a problem.” She chewed on her cheek. “Maybe I can start

with you. You only run errands for the money, right?”

Kavik shrugged. “Why else would anyone get into this line of

business?”

“Well, that settles it.” She reached into her wide sleeve and pulled out a

large purse. “If you had some silver weighing you down, maybe you’d be

less keen a burglar.”

“Wait.” Somewhere along the line they’d skipped a few steps. “I don’t

understand.”

She thought he was confused about why she had money to begin with.

“Diplomatic expense budget,” she explained.

“That’s not it.” Why would she be loading his pockets before sending

him to face his punishment, unless . . . “You’re going to let me go?” Kavik

asked.

“What do you want me to do, throw you in Air Temple jail? Trust me;

this is a matter of convenience. I don’t have to deal with the work you’d

create otherwise, and you get to stay off the streets for however long this

gift lasts.” She loosened the drawstrings.

He couldn’t believe it. His eyes and ears deceived him. “Wait!” Kavik

sputtered, remembering various bits of spiritual regulations he wasn’t even

sure were correct. “An Air Avatar shouldn’t touch money!”

She rolled her eyes, and for his sake more than hers, widened the mouth

of the bag without touching the contents. Holding it like a pitcher, she

poured a stream of coins into his hands. He watched the flow of generosity,

a miracle in a city as mercenary as Bin-Er.

When she was done, she gestured at the wall behind him. “There’s an

exit that leads out the side. Get out of here while you have the chance. And

don’t let anyone see you.”

Air Nomads really were different in spirit. Kavik put the coins in his

pockets and pushed open the iced-over door. He climbed the cramped stairs,

disbelieving each step he took. In defiance of how his night had gone, they

led to the street, and freedom.

No one accosted him. It was as if the Avatar’s blessing lingered over his

skin like armor. He went around the building and picked up his parka. Once

he was fully dressed, he joined the remaining stragglers in the international

district.

What just happened? he thought, looking up at the starry sky. He would

never be able to explain it, not in this era or the next.

Kavik walked for a couple more blocks and then took a sudden right, using

a big man as a screen so anyone following him from behind wouldn’t see

his change in direction until it was too late.

Sprinting down the alley, he opened a door he knew was unlocked and

left it slightly ajar to make it look like he’d gone inside when he hadn’t. His

real path was the brick wall covered in a thick layer of ice from a leaky

drainpipe. With a pull of waterbending, he shaped handholds that let him

cross to the other side with ease, and then broke the ice. It fell to the ground

and shattered, looking like a victim of its own weight.

He took another right, then a left, and a right again. Only when he was

sure he hadn’t been tailed did he walk around the block to the entrance of a

dimly lit hall. He knocked on the door normally, without any pattern.

It swung open. A gray-haired Water Tribe woman peered up at Kavik.

“Well, you look smitten,” Mama Ayunerak said. “I haven’t seen that

dopey grin since Meihua dumped you.”

Narrowly getting away with one’s life could do that to a man. Kavik

looked over her shoulder inside. The shelter was packed tonight, benches

and tables full of men and women tucking into bowls of searoot porridge.

Ayunerak ran a kitchen for workers caught without work, mostly

newcomers who relied on the free meals she provided. The city might have

doubled in size while she’d lived here, but the old woman wasn’t going to

let the customs of Water Tribe hospitality be forgotten. Food was meant to

be shared with anyone who needed it.

“I have something for you,” Kavik said. He produced a fistful of coins,

the first of several.

Ayunerak’s mouth fell open in shock. “Wha—Where did you—”

“Don’t ask.” He scooped the money out of his pockets into her hands,

trying not to drop any. He should have asked the Avatar for the bag itself.

She was nice enough to have given it to him.

“It’s been a while since you visited your cousins in Port Tuugaq, right?”

Kavik said. “Take some of that money and go see them. Do it for all us saps

who don’t have travel rights.” He gave the stunned woman a quick nuzzle

on the cheek. “I wasn’t here.”

Ayunerak was too dumbfounded to shout at him as he ran back around

the corner. Near her kitchen’s refuse trough, close to the ground and

covered by rotting cabbage leaves, was a loose brick. And hidden behind

that was a key.

Without further incident, he reached Bin-Er’s Water Tribe Quarter. Its

dwellings were fitted to the seasons, and right now built with panes of

windblown snow. Made of winter to withstand winter. When it got warmer

in the summer, the residents would switch over to sod houses and tents as

necessary.

Looking at the white domes, Kavik scrunched his upper lip in a burst of

fresh irritation at the square ice of the Blue Manse. He could easily imagine

it having been built for Middler dignitaries who merely wanted the novelty

of sleeping under frozen water.

But what right did he have to criticize? Nearby was one of the largest

homes in the neighborhood, a creaky stalwart of old Bin-Er that looked like

it belonged in Omashu. He walked up the hard dirt path, shook the snow

from his boots, and used his key to unlock the door.

Warm, steamy air bathed his face. “I’m home,” he called out.

Inside, a woman looked up from the pot of stew she was stirring. His

mother brushed a loop of hair out of her face and gave him a smile. “You’re

back late. How was your day?”

“Was okay.” Almost died. Met the Avatar. Stole from her. He wedged his

boot off and retrieved the folded envelope he’d managed to grab from her

room before he’d plunged through her floor.

Taking items themselves wasn’t as good as leaving them undisturbed.

The Avatar would realize one of her letters was missing, and then it would

be off to an endless cycle of her knowing someone else knew what she

knew. The information game often devolved into such never-ending spirals,

a spider-snake swallowing its own tail.

But the envelope was still worth something for merely having passed

through her hands. He had to decide whether to break the seal; the value

could be higher with an aura of mystery around it.

He tucked it under his shirt for later. “Be careful passing through the

square tomorrow,” he said to the man sitting behind a desk in the corner.

“There was trouble earlier.”

His father barely looked up from the ledgers he’d brought home from

the counting house. A grunt came back in response. More acknowledgment

than Kavik got on most nights. He hung his parka up. Without the extra

layers he could hear his stomach rumble. Despite the bruise he knew was

growing on his stomach, he was hungry.

“What’s for dinner?” he asked his family.

UNWINDING

He thought the thrill would have lasted longer. But after a big score, you

had to go home, he supposed. You had to wash up and put food in your

belly—tonight, arctic hen and sea prune stew. Obligations, none of them

particularly exciting.

Kavik emerged from his room, his prize stashed away, his hands and

face cleaned of his activities. He hadn’t spotted any visible wounds on his

face, and neither had his parents. The Avatar’s healing was flawless.

“Are there any letters?” Kavik asked. He always asked. The answer was

always no.

“No,” said his mother, who knew how important the question remained.

“I checked not long before you returned.”

His father finished his tabulations, swiping back and forth in the air on

an imagined abacus with his left hand and scratching the results into a book

with his right. Once he was done, he put down his sharpened charcoal and

got up from the desk.

Kavik’s mother brought the cookpot over to the rug and set it on the low

table. Three settings lay equally distant from each other. As she ladled broth

into their bowls, Kavik thought about what the Avatar had said earlier. Let

things slide for too long and you’d be tricked into thinking they’d always

been that way.

“What put you in the square at this hour?” his father asked.

So much for the moment of quiet contemplation. “I was . . . Old Chan

asked me to do a favor and pick up an order for him at the apothecary.”

Might as well reuse material. Kavik’s parents had heard him talk about a

string of odd jobs since leaving Nuqingaq’s; currently he was sweeping up

at a tea shop.

“I stopped by Chan’s earlier,” his father said. “He claims he hasn’t seen

you in weeks.”

Crud. An unforced error. They’d been doing so well for so long,

avoiding conflict over Kavik’s activities. But he supposed another round

was due. The tides would always come in.

“I was working on the other side of town,” Kavik said, truthfully. “I

wasn’t doing anything dangerous.” Less so. “I didn’t tell you I left Chan’s

because you worry about every little change that walks into my life.”

“I wish you didn’t think us fools,” his father said. “At least tell us who

your boss is.”

In case you disappear too. Too bad he couldn’t, even if he wanted to.

Kavik might have lied to the Avatar about not having a family, but the part

about being an independent runner was accurate. He really wasn’t in the

pocket of Teiin or any of the merchant leaders. He’d managed to carve out a

niche in Bin-Er as the runner who didn’t charge much and would take

answers to certain questions instead of money.

“Kavik,” his mother said when he didn’t respond. “You know where this

path ends.”

“Yes,” he said, his tongue loosening before he could stop it. “Right here.

With the two of you doing absolutely nothing.”

“Kavik,” his father said.

It seemed so unfair, the way he had to heap point upon logical point

whenever he argued with his parents, but all they had to do was say his

name. He could never balance the scale when his feelings and ideas were

considered moss against their stone. Months of pent-up frustration poured

out. “You told me to wait. What has waiting gotten us? When I am out

there, I am looking for him. I am following leads. I am working to get

Kalyaan back.”

“Kavik, please,” his mother begged. “Please, stop.”

Stop hurting us, their faces said. Stop breaking our hearts. We can’t lose

you too.

He came to with a blink. When had he raised his hands in the air? How

loud had he gotten? He flushed with regret and shame. His mother and

father were loving, kind, patient with him beyond reason. Losing control

was a failure on his part to act grown.

A knock came at the door. Thank the spirits for that.

At this time of day, it was probably one of his father’s colleagues from

Nuqingaq’s coming by to pick up or drop off more paperwork. Kavik and

his parents made sure their expressions were back in order, not wanting to

show any signs of strife in front of a caller. They were on thin ice with the

rest of the Water Tribe Quarter as it stood.

His mother went to the front entrance and unlatched it. The door swung

open and she let out a cry, her stoicism stripped away before it had a chance

to settle. “By the lights!”

Kavik thought she was screaming because of him. In a way she was,

because a young Air Nomad woman now stood outside his house.

“Hello,” the Avatar said. She spotted Kavik over his mother’s shoulder,

and a gleaming smile spread across her face like a sharp knife slicing open

a patch of leather. “My name is Yangchen. May I come inside and talk for a

moment?”

OceanofPDF.com

THE VISITOR

Kavik’s mother tried to sink to her knees but Yangchen quickly put a stop to

it, propping her up.

“Please, please!” Yangchen said. “I didn’t mean to put you out.”

“Avatar, we are honored beyond belief!” Kavik’s father said. He

mopped his brow with his cuff, trying to remember the rules for greeting the

greatest spiritual presence in the world. “Of course you may come in! Our

home is your home.”

Kavik’s parents were better at recognizing faces from portraits than he

was. Then again, the Avatar did tell them her name right away. Yangchen

slipped off her shoes and stepped inside. She was alone.

“You have a lovely house,” she said, wielding the compliment like a

club against Kavik. “May I?”

She held up her staff, indicating she wanted to lean it next to his parka.

His parents nodded so hard their heads threatened to fall off. They shuffled

further and further backward the deeper inside the house the Avatar got.

Kavik’s mother reached up and pushed on the back of her son’s neck. His

gaze wasn’t humbly lowered enough.

“There’s no need to be formal,” Yangchen said. “Maybe . . . consider

this a visit of alms? Would that work?”

For the sake of practicality, she was asking to be treated as regular Air

Nomad, touching down on the middle of a journey to seek donations of

food and shelter. But Kavik’s parents would have pulled out every stop for

that too. Many families across the world would, regardless of nation or

circumstance. To give hospitality to a monk or a nun was a great fortune. A

peace laid upon one’s spirit.

But not to Kavik. Not this time, and not with this nun. He was prey

caught in a snare. Like a cornered lop-eared rabbit, he had to avoid

thrashing his back out in fear.

Easy now, he thought, swallowing hard. This’ll play out however it

plays out. I don’t have to be the one who makes the first move.

“We were about to start dinner,” his mother said. “We would be blessed

to share a meal with you.”

She ushered Yangchen over to the rug, but Kavik’s father suddenly dove

between the Avatar and the pot, as if the steam itself would contaminate her.

“Wait!” he shouted. “There’s meat in the stew!”

Kavik’s mother went pale. She’d nearly corrupted the Avatar with her

carelessness. Tears welled in her eyes.

“It’s all right!” Yangchen said, trying her best to avoid a scene. “The

Western Temple believes we’re allowed to consume meat if that’s what’s

available for sharing. Some of us still abstain, but it’s a choice. There’s no

harm done.”

His mother didn’t look convinced. “I can eat around it?” Yangchen

offered.

The compromise was enough to prevent disaster. Kavik’s father

retrieved the fourth plate and rearranged their settings. North, east, south,

and west once more.

Yangchen gracefully tucked her robes under her as she knelt. “Is it just

the three of you?” she asked.

There was a slight pause. “Yes,” Kavik said. “It’s just the three of us.”

He glanced at his parents. They were unsure but let him deal with the

question. “We don’t have many guests these days.”

“Bin-Er is a busy city, as I’ve learned,” Yangchen said, fixing Kavik

with her gaze. “A lot going on.”

Family and visitor ate their meals. Kavik’s serving of stew had no sea

prunes, his portion of the dried fruit given to the Avatar. His appetite had

vanished anyway. The cookpot had become a Pai Sho board, the girl across

from him his opponent.

“If I may ask, what brought you to our door?” his father asked.

“I’m in the city on Avatar business,” Yangchen said. “But to best serve

people, I need to talk to them directly, learn about their lives firsthand.” She

managed to sip her broth at Kavik, somehow. “Tell me about yourselves.

What does your family do? How is life in the city?”

His parents, unused to talking about themselves, started out slowly,

from the beginning. They were originally from the Long Stretch region,

west of Agna Qel’a, normally a land rich with access to fishing grounds and

roaming herds. But an extended spate of bad hunting seasons and poor

catches led them to seek options.

Encouraged by distant relations who had already crossed the straits,

they came to Bin-Er to ride out the hard times. The shang system was still

in its infancy back then, so the city was smaller, and security wasn’t so

tight. The family set up in the Water Tribe Quarter, where some of their

neighbors were former hunting partners. And they went to work at

Nuqingaq and Partners, where most of their colleagues were current

neighbors. The little all–Water Tribe shop was one of the many counting

houses that triple-checked the figures on the flow of trade goods between

shang cities, and it enjoyed a sterling reputation due to his folks’ long

memories and boundless patience.

“How long ago was that?” Yangchen asked.

“Five years,” Kavik said. Saying it out loud was a defeat in itself.

“Have you ever thought about going back to the North?”

“Every stinking day.”

The truth could have been more delicately phrased. His parents’

disapproval was clear. “We would love to return home,” his father said.

“But it’s impossible to get real exit passes. The control office is so corrupt

these days, you can only get clearance if it benefits the shangs somehow.

They’re able to bring as many workers as they want into Bin-Er. But if you

try to leave, suddenly you’re a security risk.”

“Still, we’ve been the lucky ones,” Kavik’s mother said. “The city’s

changed so much while we’ve been here. The newer arrivals . . . I don’t

know. The shangs discard them like scraps, at whim.”

“There was a riot in the town center today,” Kavik muttered, stirring his

bowl with his spoon. “Folks are starting to get fed up.”

He looked across the pot to see the Avatar genuinely taken aback. She

hadn’t been aware of the violence taking place a few blocks away from her

quarters. She couldn’t really be blamed for not knowing; based on the

timing, she would have been meeting with dignitaries in the Blue Manse

while the square grew heated.

“I want to change that,” Yangchen said, repeating her earlier statement,

when she and Kavik had been alone. “I want to change how the vulnerable

are treated.”

Kavik believed her. But it wasn’t like telling him and his parents was

going to do much about the situation. She needed to be talking to the people

with power in Bin-Er. “It’s nice to want things,” he said.