Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 10)

else would they leave us there for so long before the signal? And take only you and me if they weren’ t doing an evaluation?”
“We were late,” said the boatm an. “And I told the others to stay behind because the skif f’s not safe when it’ s overloaded.”
The clerk had had enough. “All right, you know what, kid? Get out of here. You can have a ride back, and then we never want to see you again.”
He pointed at Kavik with his chalk. “Y ou. Stay .”
“But—but—” The boatman pressed his unwilling passenger away using the oar .
“Rude,” the clerk muttered. He fished an intricately carved wooden key out of his robes and pushed it into the door lock.
Before turning it, he paused. “We were watchin g,” he said quietly to
Kavik. “And we like runners who can play dumb and avoid being noticed.”
The mechanism clunked into place and the door swung open. “Welcome to the association.”
Kavik was hit by a wave of sweat and fish and decaying kelp. The building had to have been a fish-drying operation at some point to explain
the smell wafting from the floorboards, but now it seemed a cross between a training ground and a social club. Over by an expanse of straw mats that
badly needed airing, there were sets of satchel-shaped weights, loaded exercise maces. In a different section, tables and tiles for the exact same
game being played back in the gambling den had been set up, alongside rows of cots. A stove next to a woodpile.
Association mem bers could relax here, keep their muscles warm, nap.
Kavik was puzzled by the setup until he remembered his job, and the job he was pretending to seek.
This place was a safe house. He’d been momentarily confused by the scale. Chaisee had a huge private building for her runners as opposed to
Akuudan’ s tiny inn. Numerous operatives to Yangchen’ s one runner . Kavik felt puny , and a little indignant on the A vatar ’s behalf.
Right now, none of the equipme nt was being used. Everyone inside was gathered near a wall, two dozen people jeering and shouting and laughing in
rapt attention. There would be an odd noise, thunk! and then a react ion from the crowd. Gaah, come on!
“You can call me T ael,” the man who’d let him in said.

“Kavik.” Like Yangchen said, in Jonduri he was completely clean. It was simpler not to make something up.
“We pay per job, Kavik. We give you something to do, you do it, and you don’t ask questions. You’re lucky to be here, you unders tand? Bossboss had a good feeling about you. There’ s a lot of dock action going on
these days, and I want a W aterbender on hand.”
It had been easy. But if he was in demand, he was in demand. “So you know I’m a W aterbender ,” Kavik said. He avoided phrasing it as a question.
Tael smirked, proud of his own observation skills. “Y our reactions to the sea, the moon. You look at the water more often. It’s hard to ignore a big
presence of your element. Earthbenders are always glancing down more than they think, you know?” Huh. Kavik supposed that was true. “Bossboss likes to put people to work right away ,” said Tael. “At sunrise we got a
job for you and whoever wins this contest we’re having right now .”
Tael bade Kavik come see what was happening by the wall. The two of them circled the crowd until they found a gap to watch through.
Thunk. The sound of metal hitting home in wood. A knife-throwin g competition.
The two participants must have been at it for a long time because the target, a stump turned on its side, had been gouged into a bowl. Most of the
association members were rooting for the dashing, well-dressed youth who almost looked like a son of a shang, trawling the bottom of the city for
adventure. Money had certainly been placed on him.
His oppo nent, a stocky kid in ratty sleeves who looked tense and furious even when he was waiting for his turn, had far fewer backer s. A broad,
wrinkled stripe of a scar ran down the middle of his forehead to his nose, as if he’d accidentally smeared acid on a sunburn instead of ointment.
A hush fell over the crowd as the well-dressed boy toed the line. He held two daggers in the same hand by their points in an upside-down eight
character . He wiped the sweat from his brow and ignored a heckler who claimed he was doomed to failure. With a carefully considered heave, he
sent the weapons tumbling through the air .
The first dagger landed home in the center of the target, followed instantly by the tip of the second burying itself in the wooden pommel of
the first. An arrow split, but with knives. And on the same toss, no less.

The onlookers burst into cheers. A once-in-a-lifetime sight. But the noise died down as soon as the scarred boy stormed up to the line, gripping
his knives the exact same way, presumably to match the feat. He didn’ t seem to think it was a big deal. A waste of a throw , really .
“Come on, Jujinta!” someone shouted. “Just forfeit the match! Some of us have places to be!”
Jujinta spotted Tael and called out to him in a nasal, squeaky voice.
“You said if I lose, Shigoro here gets my spot on the next job, right?”
“That’ s what I said,” T ael replied.
Jujinta cracked his neck and gave his next move some thought. Without warning, he stabbed the meat of his opponent’ s throwing should er with one
of his daggers, leaving the blade stuck there.
Shigoro screame d and dropped to the floor . “I lose,” Jujinta said to Tael over the shock of the crowd and the cries of pain filling the hall. “But I
don’t think he’ s going to be employable for a while.”
“Can’ t argue with that logic.” Tael turned to Kavik and slapped him on the back. “Meet your new partne r. I’m sure the two of you will make a great
team.”
OceanofPDF .com

LEGITIMATE BUSINESS
From above, Ma’inka always looked like a fish’s head to Yangchen. Openmouthed, goggling. Bisected from the rest of the body . She could relate.
One of the eastern islands in the volcanic chain making up the Fire
Nation, Ma’inka belonged to the Saowon clan. An old, proud Fire Nation lineage dating back to pre-unification history . Her immediate predecessor ,
Avatar Szeto, had skillfully managed the Saowon and their rival noble houses during a time of deep crisis in his homeland, and tempered ancient
feuds into a lasting peace.
Yangchen thought she had lived up to Szeto’ s legacy with a victory of her own the last time she was in Ma’inka. The message to her that Chaisee
had intercepted had proven otherwise.
She circled the carved spires of Duke Zolian’ s stone manor and landed between moss-draped walls and a reflecting pool that was developing a
green skin on top. Her greeting by the servants was somber . They told her that while the duke had been informed of the Avatar ’s arrival the instant
they spotted her bison in the air, he was still finishing some business with the clan elders. She would have to wait.
For a brief mom ent, Yangchen wondered how future generations would look upon an Air Avatar challe nging a Fire Nation noble to an Agni Kai.
She’d win too; she was pretty certain of it.
After calming down, Yangchen left Nujian with the stable hands and was led inside the ancestral seat of the Saowon. In Zolian’ s private study ,
Yangchen sat by herself, drank smoked tea, and swallowed her misgivings.
She’d made the gamble to drop everything and come here instead of meeting with Kavik like she’d promised. Trying to make contac t at the safe
house before traveling to Ma’inka was an option, yes. But Chaisee’ s vantage point from the peak of Jonduri, plus the watchers she surely put on
Yangchen after their conversatio n, meant sneaking back into the city would have been a long and laborious process. Time was of the essence here. She

had to hope Kavik possessed enough sense to lie low with Akuudan and
Tayagum until she returned to Jonduri.
The door opened and Duke Zolian entered. He’d lost weight since their last meeting, and his beard was grayer . Behind him was his heir and much
younger cousin, Lohi, who held a lar ge carved box in his arms.
A gift. She was going receive a gift to make it all better . The two men bowed deeply . “Avatar ,” Zolian said, his voice cracking with relief. “You
got our message. Thank the spirits, you got our—”
“Shut up,” Yangchen snapped. She’d shown all the tact in the world on her first visit, but circumstance s were different now. “Shut up. Shut up.
Shut. Up.”
Her command hung in the air. Until further notice. They waited dutifully , heads hung. Their shame a testament to how badly they’d erred,
and how desperately they still needed her .
She must have seemed like she was drawing the moment out to exert her power , but really Yangchen couldn’ t find any words. She tripped over
every sentence in her head.
“You . . . you only had to do one thing,” Yangchen said, eloquence nowhere to be found. “It was working. It was working and you—All you
had to do was uphold your end of the bargain! You only had to do one thing and you mucked it up! ”
Control over her loudness, also gone. She wondered why they weren’ t talking until she remembered she’d specifically ordered it. “Speak.”
“Avatar .” Lohi shifted the weight of the box that Yangchen still refused to ackno wledge. “I understand you must be disappointed, but please let us
explain.”
“What is there to explain?! No human was to set foot within three li of the cavern edges! Did we not set up boundary warnings? Did we not
communicate the terms to the assembled family heads before I left? There’ s nothing to explain!”
This should have been the one of the most straightforward of matters for an Avatar. One of her most basic duties. An easy victory , even. The Saowon
had asked her for help dealing with unseen forces causing damage along the edges of their villages. And she’d given it.
After interpreting the will of the spirits, she informed their human neighbors that in order to end the troubles, they’d have to keep their

distance from the cenotes dotting the island and leave what looked like perfectly good, arable land untouched. Settlements were pulle d back, the
destruction of the sinkholes ceased, and balance had crept into Ma’inka.
Delicate but real.
Those efforts had been wasted. Duke Zolian’ s chin trembled. It didn’ t matter that he couldn’ t bring himself to speak; there were only so many
answers to choose from. We didn’t think the rule applied to everyone. We broke the rule by accident and nothing bad happened immediately , so we
figur ed it was fine. We didn’ t think you were serious. We thought the problem had eventually gone away by itself. We realized, in retrospect, that
we just didn’ t care about anything other than what we wanted in the moment.
Yangchen had heard so many variations on the underlying melody , but it was all the same song. “You have hamstrung my ability to help you again.
Give me a reason why I shouldn’ t leave right now and let you face the spirits on your own this time.”
The threat surprised her as it slipped out. She wouldn’ t abandon people in need. So then why did she say it? Why did it feel good to imagine flying
away , leaving them behind to plead with the sky?
Here, Zolian was ready with an answer . “Our children,” he said. “It is as we wrote to you. The phoenix-eel spirits have—They’ve done something to
our child ren. A curse. Across the island, Saowon youth are not waking up from their slumber . They will waste away if we do nothing.”
“Every healer we’ve consulted says the sickness is borne of the spirit,
not the body ,” Lohi said. “I know you may not believe us, but we could take you to a hospital, show you the ef fects—”
“NO!”
They were confused by her violent refusal. A vatar Y angchen was known for healing the sick with her own two hands; it was arguably the image of
her the Four Nations liked best. It was true she had treated many gruesome injuries and illnesses, seen the worst kind of physical damage.
But to look upon a wasting dream, the peaceful form of a body damaged in spirit . . . No. She couldn’ t subject herself to that, not after what
happened to Jetsun. “I believe you,” Yangchen said. “There is nothing to prove.”

Zolian knelt and touched his head to the floor . “I beg you not to let them suffer for our misdeeds. Please, Avatar . Negotiate with the spirits on our
behalf once more. W e will honor the outcome, honor you, for an eternity .”
Lohi stepped forward with the box. “We have collected a penance from our clan, to show our sincerity .” He opened the lid and showed her the
contents.
When Yangchen realized what the dark lumps inside were, she had to avert her eyes. Piled in the box, like the organs of a slaughtered animal,
were bundles of human hair. Judging from the jeweled and gilded pins intentionally left in them, the top ranks of the Saowon clan had all
undertaken the ritual of dishonor .
The meaning, the weight of that harvest, heaped upon Yangchen’ s neck,
making her dizzy and nauseous. They’d wanted to move her. They couldn’ t have imagined how successful they’d be.
She had been Fire Nation scores of times over, held her honor in the highest esteem, and lost it on a few occasions. The fact applied here as
much as it did underneath the floorboards of the Bin-Er gathering hall.
Yangchen staggered backward and caught herself on her chair . “Get that away from me,” she said. “Close the lid.” With everything weig hing on her,
she could not afford to lose control in front of the leaders of a major Fire
Nation clan. She fought back the heaves running through her gut. She swallowed and swallowed until the danger passed.
The act of willpower was not a moment to be proud of. Brute suppression had a cost. Her body and mind were sure to pay the price later,
with interest.
Zolian and Lohi took her shudders as acceptance of the gesture. Of course the benevolent and loving Air Nomad would be moved. “There are
only two more additions to be made,” Lohi said. He put the box aside, drew a blade from his waist, and knelt beside his elder .
Yangchen and Lohi left Zolian recovering in a chair with the help of his servants, a damp cloth draped over his eyes. The display of shame had
worked, the Avatar had acquiesced, but the mental strain of losing his topknot had rendered the duke incapable of further discussion.

The younger Saowon had needed only a minute to collect himself before offering to show Yangc hen out. They walked through a hallway
exposed to an open courtyard on one side, patches of moist ure seeping through joints in the stonewor k overhead. The manor had a temple-like
construction, its ancient architect no doubt influenced by the strong link between the Saowon clan and the Fire Sages.
Lohi’ s hand drifted upward toward his shorn patch only once—to check in disbelief that his hair wasn’ t still sitting on his head—before he snatched
it back down and kept his fist balled at his side. “My clan would have me beg your forgiveness,” he said. “We needed as much land as we could plant.
In lean times, every acre counts.”
Lohi had proven to be sensible the last time Yangchen was in Ma’inka,
someone she could work with. He surely recognized how weak the excuses coming out of his mouth soun ded. “We did try other measures before
contacting you again.” Lohi gestured toward an empty alcove as they walked by. “The family treasures. Some of them were sacrificed on pyres to
no avail; the rest had to be liquidated to feed our retainers. Straits are dire,
Avatar .”
“They didn’ t have to be.” That was the most frustrating part. Neither
Yangchen nor the spirits had demanded a complete beggaring of the
Saowon.
“Indeed. Your initial message was delivered impeccably . It was our stubborn ears that refused to open.”
Yangchen remembered the original council among the family heads when she’d explained the dema nds of the spirits. The elders had hemmed
and hawed instead of nodding, and when Zolian announced they would comply , several pairs of eyes had glanced at each other instead of their clan
leader .
“My duke was unable to keep some of the branch houses from defying the contract,” Lohi said. “He is a good man, but occasionally soft when it
comes to his family . When it is my turn to lead the Saowon, I promise you I
will enforce unanimity within my clan.”
A mere coincide nce in his choice of words. And yet Yangchen had to struggle not to scream.
A servant brought her staff. She was going to have to fly fast. “Tell me something,” she said once she and Lohi were alone again. “The family

heads who broke the agreement. Would they have listened the first time if
I’d told them the treaty was the word of Avatar Szeto hims elf, and not mine? If I’d told them I’d communed with his spirit beforehand, and the
terms were simply what he commanded me to put down on paper?”
She’d thought of the tactic after her flop in Bin-Er , too late to help her there and long after her first attempt to assist the Saowon. Speaking with
the voice of her past life, the respected elder statesman could have helped her cause in front of T eiin and Noehi. It certainly wouldn’ t have hurt.
But in the Fire Nation, Szeto’ s name was a sledgehammer . Had she trotted it out, her decree to stay away from the sacred cenotes would have
landed upon the Saowon with the force of a mother , a father , a sifu, the Fire
Lord, all rolled into one. She could have leveraged her predecessor ’s credibility , provided she was willing to acknowledge she had none herself.
Lohi’ s pause was all the answer she needed. “. . . Did you?” he asked.
“Did you talk to Szeto?”
Yangchen frowned, snapped the wings of her glider open, and took of f.
OceanofPDF .com

THE DISPUTE
She wasn’t going to take Nujian to the largest cenote. Her companion could get jittery around spirits these days and had every right to be after the Old
Iron incident. Yangchen flew over the humid jungles of Ma’inka on her glider , pushing the winds as hard as she could.
She spotted a clearing in the trees and landed on a woven floor of roots.
It was necessary to proceed on foot for the last part of the journey , let herself be vulnerable, or else she risked flying back and forth over her
destination wondering why she wasn’ t seeing anything out of the ordinary .
Sunbeams comb ed through the tree trunks. She could hear chittering insects and screaming birds. The smell of life was also the smell of decay ,
overwhelming rot and fertility attacking through her nose.
Yangchen stepp ed from stone to stone and fallen branch to fallen branch. There was no such thing as a straight path under the canopy . She
avoided using her staff for balance; the end would sink into the damp soil and ruin the tail fins.
Her disturbances sent squirrel-toads hopping in circles. Several of them decided to follow along and keep pace. Leaves fell from overhead. She
looked up to see monkey-marmots trailing her through the trees.
“Shoo,” she said. The furry creatures, reminiscent of lemurs, blinked and waggled their head tufts. Y angchen sighed.
Animals were often drawn to her for no discernible reason. It was how she’d ended up with Pik and Pak. People envied her for it, but there were
drawbacks. The other children had cried on Bonding Day when most of the bison calves flocked to Yangchen instead of distributing themselves
equitably . She had to flee with Nujian before she ended up with a whole herd of companions instead of just one.
After a half hour of walking, she encountered the problem. The true reason why she was here.

A lar ge plot of land had been cleared by slashing and burning. Inside the swidden was an encampment constructed on top of bamboo piles, giving it
the thin-legged appearance of Jonduri in miniature. A network of sluice chutes sprouted outward from the village center . They led to nowhere, no
vessels for containment, and had the slurry inside not dried up since the camp’ s evacuation it would have spilled in waves over the jungle floor .
By following the chutes, she found the last piece of evidence, a derrick topped by a pulley, the setup for a drop drill. A blunt-force mechanism to
smash away at the earth with an iron bit until substances that should have been deep and buried could be sucked to the surface. Either the rig had to
be abandoned too quickly to hide, or the owners hadn’ t bothered at all,
thinking she wouldn’ t know what it was if she discovered it. Air Nomads had no use for such devices, after all.
Somewhere along the chain of communication, from the disobedient branch families, to Zolian and Lohi, to her, the truth had been twisted. This
wasn’ t a farming plot. This was an excavation zone.
The affronted phoenix-eels had made their displeasure clear . The longhouses and bamboo scaffolds had been crushed in several places,
narrow stripes of destruction that looked like they could have been caused by falling trees. But there was nothing in the wreckage except for great
splashes of acidic discoloration, extending from the broken buildings to the vegetation around them. Channels of dead vines and unnaturally yellowed
shrubs led deeper into the forest.
Yangchen shuddered. The village was a scar crossed out by another scar .
She exited the clearing on the other side, in more ways than one. Her animal followers did not come along, one of the first signs the encampment
marked a boundary , the start of a new country where the common laws of reality binding the Four Nations loosened their grip. At her presence, the
sour wind through the branches made a low moan, the kind that began in a throat.
Her eyes burned with unchecked sweat running down her shaven head.
The forest no longer spoke with animalistic chirps and howls, but in the fluttering of tongues and whispe rs of nonsense much too close to language
for comfort. Yangchen knew at this point, turning around and heading straight back would not take her to the camp or to the Saowon manor or to
any human land at all.

Tendrils of unknown plants drifted around her knees as if she were walking along the floor of the ocean. She ignored their slimy touch, the way
they sometimes closed tight, just missing ensnaring her legs as she walked.
Off to her left stalked a presence, a shadow out of the corner of her eye,
long-limbed and muscled like a puma-goat. It was at least twenty feet tall.
She dared not look at it directly , and slowed down to let it cross her path.
Once it had gone, she saw giant handprints left behind, shaped like a human’ s down to the palm lines.
After more walking she came to the edge of a hole a mile wide, the center so dark and deep it tugged on her throat and made the level ground
under her feet feel like a slope, down, down into the emptiness. A great fall waited without the relief of an impact.
Little egg.
With her weight on her heels so she wouldn’ t topple forward, Yangchen called out. “I am here. W e must talk.”
Spirals of water rose out of the hole, winding higher like ivy. The liquid took on color and definition, grew a beard of beaks underneath a face full of
glowing red eyes. The phoeni x-eels. A braid of competing heads and thoughts, only unified when wronged. And they were unified before
Yangchen.
The first time she visited these spirits on behalf of the Saowon, they had not darkened to such an extent. They resembled animals from the physical
world, glowing with energy, sunbeams full of dust. Back then the phoenixeels had snapped the piles of encroaching settlements, flooded portions of fields, carried off heads of lives tock. Their sole intent was to warn humans
off portions of Ma’inka, their actions almost mischievous. Negotiating with them was still possible.
Under the terms the Avatar brokered, the spirits got what they wanted.
To a degree. The humans got to expand. A little. No side was fully happy ,
an outcome Y angchen could live with.
But evidently , some members of Zolian’ s family could not. Now the phoenix-eels had only punishment in their hearts. Yangchen felt the anger
and hatred emanating from their forms, hot as coals, stoked by betrayal.
Spirits were not humans who could watch an act of bad faith and figure they would get theirs back in the future. They were sharpened rails, signs
before the cliff drop, harsh tutors who swatted your hand the moment your

brushstroke swayed. Parents always forgot the lessons they told their own children. Don’ t touch that flower or you’ll be pricked by the thorns. That’s
just what happens; if you don’t like it, don’t touch it. Stay away from those woods or the spirits will take you. That’ s just what will happen.
The phoenix-eels undulated and coiled, dripping water down shimmering scales. Snakes curled before they struck too. Hollow shell.
Little egg, with no yolk inside. W e know why you ar e her e.
“If you know why I am here, then release the children from their sickness.”
She dar es. Against her own wor d, she dar es.
A monst rous beak came rushing at Yangchen, snapping shut in front of her face. It was too large, filled too much of her vision for her to react with
the proper fright. But had she been standing a foot closer she would have lost her nose.
She blinked slowly , one of the few shows she was allowed, while her heart bounced up and down. The price they exacted for losing control could
vary beyond comprehension.
The phoenix-eels understood why she was being silent. You come with nothing. Y ou stand on nothing.
True. This was an escape attempt by the Saowon, a go at the most human of follies—trying to avoid consequences. “The people who broke
their promise have displayed a willingness to atone. They have shown their dishonor .”
No pena nce, what can be forgotten with time. We will feast on their eternal r egret. They will watch their line come to ruin.
The statement was a statement. The facts, not a ploy to get more from
Yangchen. The spirits began to descend, slithering back into the abyss.
Out of desperati on she dredged up her first success, if the destru ction of a city could be called that. “Old Iron listened!” she shouted. “And in return
he received perpetual obeisance!”
WE ARE NOT OLD IRON! came the scream. WE DO NOT LOVE. WE
DO NOT RELENT . The slithering coils stopped their descent. Rage kept them from leaving the table. They would hurt Yangchen now, for offending
them. But at least they hadn’ t disappeared.
A wall of red eyes lowered before hers. The phoenix-eels still had features conceiv able in the human realm, which meant there was a remnant

of light in them yet. She could detect the flickering shadow of the fully darkened form it might take, a spherical cluster of beaks and fins, unable to
choose a direction to exist in.
For now, though, there was still hope, as long as she was willing to suffer their punishment. Yangch en steadied herself. A wispy tendril of the
spirit, smoke made life, touched her on the forehead where the arrow point was.
The pain did not take the form she expected. Instead of suf fering, she saw .
She saw wandering shadows, threaded in a weft of agony . Human beings staggerin g in base, groaning lowness. Wounds, all of them selfinflicted, spilling from lips and ravaging lungs like burning, choking
chyme.
They cried out to the mist. And there was no answer . No substance for an echo to bounce of f.
Everything was malleable in the Spirit World, including point of view .
Yangchen had seen through so many eyes before. She’d been jarred from place and time into her past lives, locked into shackles made of moments
long gone.
This was different. With the help of powerful spirits, she had been granted a dif ferent person’ s perspective for once. Jetsun’ s.
The tendril withdrew back into the phoenix-eels. Yangchen was on all fours, as prostrate before them as Zolian before her .
“Le—” She slammed the bottom of her fist repeatedly against the stone ground, as if pounding a heartbeat back into her own chest. “Let her go. Let
her go! ”
We do not have her. Nothing has her. Nothingness has her. Do you like your gift? It is what she sees and will see, for ever.
It was an illusion. It had to be. Jetsun was dead. Yangchen had been there when her heart stopped beating.
The wall of scales before her began to move in opposing directio ns. The phoenix-eels were uncoiling to depart. Yangchen could barely think

straight, let alone remember why she had come here. Her ragged mind leaped between every plea, every prayer .
“Wait!” she cried. “The children of the Saowon! They’re—they’re not punishment enough!”
The spirits came to a stop, intrigued.
“What you want is a truer humiliation, isn’t it?” Yangchen said. “Let the children sleep to death and their parents’ grief will burn out in a lifetime.
There are other , better ways to exact a toll. A lasting toll.”
This was no longer a negotiatio n but the doctor fetching a hot iron to burn a spurting artery closed. She was going to have to harm the Saowon in
order to save them.
Let us talk about inflicting pain, little egg, the phoenix-eels said.
Together .
When it was done, Yangchen found herself standing by the edge of a stone cavern in the ground, large but not mind-bogglingly vast. Healthy green
vines dangled down the sides, pointing at blue water clear enough to see through. The bottom of the cenote was jagged with rock formations, but
otherwise empty .
The physical world had become predominant once more. It might stay that way, depen ding on the Saowon’ s reaction to the news she bore. Her
glider lay on a flat-topped boulder , placed like an offering. Spirits could be as cheeky as humans sometimes.
Yangchen opene d the wings to inspect them for water dama ge. She found none and took of f immediately for the manor .
Lohi had the decency to wait for her return himself. He was the lone figure in the manor ’s courtyard, by the edge of a waterless fountain. The sun was
fading, but that meant little for determining how much time had passed.
“How long was I gone?” Yangchen asked him. She examined his face for signs of aging, a precaution less ridiculous than it sounded. “What day is
it?”
When Lohi gave her the answer , Yangchen swore under her breath. If she left Ma’inka now, she’d be more than three days late for her check-in