Title: part of him was leaking everywhere. (Part 1)

“I told you exactly what I would do if I caught you betraying the

Avatar,” Jujinta muttered into his ear. The note of satisfaction in his voice

was unmistakable. A man of his word. He extracted his blade from Kavik’s

body and walked away into the light.

CASUAL TIES
Kavik knew if he went down, he wouldn’ t get back up. He had found a measure of balance over his feet and so there he stayed.
Behind him, T ael’s shrieks suddenly went quiet. “T oo loud,” he heard
Kalyaan mutter . “What are you doing standing there like an idiot? W e have to get out of here. Now .”
Kavik tried to speak but the wound in his side opened wider . It no longer hurt like a punch. He turned around slowly , clutching his body ,
blinking through the searing pain. The outside of his leg was wet with blood.
His brother swore like they were young again. Kalyaan ran forward and dragged him back into the shadowed corner of the alley . Their parents
would be so disappointed in them. T wo boys with bad judgment.
And yet it was the A vatar whom Kalyaan cursed. “Spirits take her ,” he growled. “I knew something like this would—Hold on. I’ve got to move
you. This is going to hurt.” He grunted as he lifted Kavik onto his shoulders.
“I’m sorry ,” Kalyaan said. “W e have to—I have to find a place to treat you. Someplace safe and clean.” But not in public , was the unspoken part.
He ran, jostling the wound, and Kavik bit his own hand to muf fle his scream. His blood dripped down his brother ’s back.
They’d traveled like this through a blizzard once, bound to each other by Kavik’ s weakness. That was a long time ago and he was a lot bigger
now, but Kalyaan’ s strength still prevailed. The ground flew under his older brother ’s feet.
One of the houses close to the park must have been a suitable location,
because Kalyaan soon came to a stop. He kicked the door until the latch snapped and forced his way through, taking care not to slam Kavik’ s head
against the jamb. The air inside was pungent and bitter , and through watery

eyes Kavik saw jars of medicine stacked against the wall. A beaded curtain separated the tiny room from the back. Kalyaan had found the waiting area
of an apothecary .
He laid Kavik down on a bench the long way . “You’re going to be okay ,” Kalyaan said, stroking his hair with a bloody hand, doing his best to
sound fully in control. That was the trouble with older siblings. They were full of it and made everything up as they went along, just like normal
people. “I’ll find bandages and clean water , and I’ll get you fixed.”
“We’ve got plenty of both,” said a familiar voice.
Akuudan came in from outside and shut the door behind him. He planted his feet in the exit, an impassable human barrier . Tayagum ducked
through the hanging beads. The grim, tight smile on his face was anything but a smirk of victory .
“Hello,” he said to Kalyaan. “I’m told you know who we are.”
Kavik wanted to cry out a warning. His brother was dangerous. T ayagum and Akuudan were two, yes, but they were older than Kalyaan and their
fighting days were over . They were support, supply . Innkeepers. Before he could speak, Kalyaan’ s arms whipped out, a watery glint of sharpness
aimed at their throats.
Akuudan and T ayagum reacted faster than their age, faster than their size, faster than anybody Kavik had ever seen outside the A vatar , and
suddenly their histories came roaring into alignment with the present. They were former quartermasters of the W ater T ribe, chosen to protect a pay
chest full of platinum in the middle of a foreign army . They would have had to have been some of the best close-in fighters of the entire W ater T ribe.
Tayagum not only dodged the water Kalyaan sent at him but added to its speed, flinging it into the ceiling behind him so hard it punched a hole
through the wood. He wanted the weapon gone, refused to fall into the back-and-forth pattern of combat between W aterbenders. Akuudan rammed
Kalyaan into the wall with a clear shield of ice extending from his empty shoulder .
Akuudan’ s also a W aterbender . Living with them, all of their behaviors had made it seem like only T ayagum could bend. They’d kept that surprise

hidden the whole time from Kavik in case they needed an advantage.
They’d never fully trusted him. Not from the day they’d met.
Akuudan flipped his shield into a liquid cocoon around Kalyaan before
Tayagum ripped the water away , revealing a series of rawhide bindings wrapped around Kalyaan like bolas. The restraints must have been hidden
in the ice.
When rawhide lost moisture, it shrank and became hard as wood.
Tayagum had dried the bindings in a feat that would have made the White
Lotus proud. Kalyaan’ s limbs were bound tight. He slumped back against the wall to keep from falling over like a worm. He couldn’ t bend anymore.
Akuudan backed away from him and plodded over to check on Kavik.
The swirling arm of water extending from his body rolled back into its hidden source. “W e got him?” he asked his husband.
Tayagum crouched over Kalyaan’ s slumping form and gave the confirmation. “W e got him.”
Kavik swallowed the fresh smear of pain in his abdomen. “I need help,” he gasped. The raw walls of his muscles abraded against each other .
“Jujinta—he went of f plan.”
“No, he didn’ t,” Akuudan said. “Why do you think we were waiting here for you?”
For a brief moment Kalyaan thrashed, trying his bindings. He understood something dark. “Come on, fellows,” he said, straining for
composure. “Are we really doing this? My brother is wounded. He’ s bleeding out.”
“Shh,” Akuudan said. His hand loomed over Kavik, a threatening creature emer ging from his long sleeve. There was little light in the room.
Kavik could barely see his brother .
“You know what we want,” T ayagum told Kalyaan.
Kalyaan rolled his neck as if no request could be more unreasonable right now . “You don’ t need to do this,” he said. “Y ou’ve won. Y ou caught
me.”
“We haven’ t won,” T ayagum said. “There’ s a big dif ference between holding a prisoner and getting them to talk. Y ou taught the A vatar that
lesson pretty good, and the two of us, well, we’ve known it for a long time.
Did a stint in King Feishan’ s worst cells, and the interrogations we went through? The story alone would turn your hair white.”

His frown contained a hint of pride. “Still, neither of us ever cracked.
I’m hoping you’re not as tough. This is your last chance to spill. Thapa’ s location, Chaisee’ s plan of attack. Give us the goods.”
No answer .
“Not even a crumb, huh?” Akuudan sighed. “All right. If that’ s the way you want to play it.” He made a show of examining Kavik from one
angle, then another , his brow furrowed in diagnosis. “Let me see how bad this wound really is.” He clamped his hand, solid as a tree knot, over
Kavik’ s side.
The explosion in his core stole Kavik’ s breath away . Deep crimson welled between Akuudan’ s fingers. The teary whimper that escaped Kavik’ s
lips didn’ t do the agony justice. “Hmm, blood’ s dark,” Akuudan mused.
“That’ s not a good sign.”
“What are you doing!?” Kalyaan screamed. “He’ s your teammate!”
“Is he?” T ayagum said calmly . “From our perspective, he’ s already betrayed us once. Little stoatweasel’ s always running around, sneaking of f
to meet with people we don’ t know . Seems to me like the two of you could have been planning to escape T aku together .”
“No!” Kavik pleaded. “I wasn’ t trying toaaAGHHH!”
Akuudan squeezed again. This time Kavik had plenty of air , enough to howl and wail like he thought he’d never do again past a certain age, as if
pain were a trial one outgrew . His kuspuk bloomed red.
Kalyaan tried to get up but the older man caught him and slammed him back into the wall. “The A vatar!” Kavik gasped, latching on to any words
that would save him. “She’d never let you do this!”
“Who says she knows what’ s happening right now?” T ayagum said.
“Crazy things go on during missions. Real heat of battle stuf f.”
“Ah, I bet she can guess though,” Akuudan said. “Y ou saw that look she gave us, when she ordered us to get the information at any cost. She
absolutely knows the score. And if she’ s anything like me, she is sick … of this miserable … stinking … family .” With each pause he twisted his hand
back and forth, grinding deeper into Kavik’ s flank.
Kavik convulsed and snapped the back of his skull against the bench,
almost hard enough to knock himself out. “I don’ t know where Thapa is!”
he heard his brother shout. “Chaisee kept his location to herself! She didn’ t trust me with the final steps of the plan!”

“Then what good are you to us?”

Tayagum roared back in his face.

Kalyaan’s collapse was final. “Please,” he begged. “I know the signal

for Thapa to attack the convocation hall. He moves on a specific command.
Three gong strikes at the wrong hour.”

“Come on now; does that seem worth your brother’s life? How long

between the signal and the attack? What’s his escape route? Give us more.”
“I don’t have any more!” Kalyaan screamed. “I swear!”

“Not great,” Tayagum said. “But it’ll have to do.” He looked over his

shoulder and called out, “Did you get that?”

“I did.” Jujinta’s voice was unmistakable behind the bead curtain. “I’ll

deliver the message to her.” He took off, his footsteps growing faint.

Akuudan reached under the bench and began to stack rolls of bandages

on Kavik’s chest, redness already seeping into the edges of the cloth. “I’m

envious,” he said. “Your brother chose you over the mission. I guess there

really is no stronger bond than family.”

BLINKING FIRST
Yangchen looked into Chaisee’ s eyes with honest admiration. The Zongdu of Jonduri had simply given herself so much … permission.
If license to act freely in this world were a currency , then Chaisee had built a hoard to make the A vatar jealous. How many men and women in the
entirety of the Four Nations could claim to be as unfettered as her?
Monarchs and gurus and few others. No wonder Chaisee read so much
Laghima and Shoken. Only those exalted minds could equal her in certainty of purpose.
Yangchen couldn’ t claim such greatness. Lines had been drawn all around her in a cracked-glass web. T o cross any one of them would
condemn her as a bad A vatar , a bad Air Nomad, a failure by innumerable past and future standards. No direction led to a clean getaway .
She took one last look at T aku, the deep green harbor , the gentle slope of its hills. Iwashi hadn’ t been completely hands-of f in his duties; like the
caretaker of a miniature topiary , he’d made decisions to prune and allow certain growth, favoring tidy businesses and refined industries that fit the
by an audience of a blessed few , the cityscape was a harmonious balance of sea and wind and fertile earth, warmed by the sun. A painting of perfection.
What a crock.
Yangchen could fly . She saw things from above. And T aku, like every great success, was an elaborate piece of stagecraft.
She knew that outside the city limits, paper mills belched noxious odors into the sky as vats of slurry stewed in alchemical fixers. Farther
down the trade routes, silkpillars died by the thousands of millions, boiled in their cocoons to unravel their threads. Entire villages of workers along
the famous Perfume T rails had permanently damaged their senses of smell and taste from mixing batches of product by hand.

No one ever liked to look too closely at writhing, screeching humanity ,
not even in the most benign circumstances. The Air T emples had an expression regarding outside visitors who were shocked and disappointed
by the incredible volume of chores the monks and nuns had to busy themselves with to support a few hours per day of meditation and study .
Weak eyelids . Enlightenment was a muscle, and the world was too heavy for most.
Yangchen reached toward the door of the balcony , her fingers splayed.
She quickly closed them into a Crane-Fish Beak form. The brickwork of the wall pinched shut, defying the solidness of baked clay and mortar with a
snapping, grinding noise. She gave her hand a twist, and the wall locked itself into a spiral as tight as the petals of a flower in the cold.
She’d moved quicker than Chaisee could react. The zongdu startled away from the trickling dust. “What are you doing?” she said. “W e had
privacy enough.”
Yangchen didn’ t reply . She leaned back and punched a gust of wind up at the great bronze gong, knocking the metal so it rang, sending a deep
clashing buzz through the convocation hall and into the heart of T aku.
The act wasn’ t easy with her native element. Air normally pushed against surfaces; it didn’ t strike or make an impact. She punched again,
harder , and a second reverberation rolled over the city . Under dif ferent circumstances she might have paused there to give Chaisee a chance to
respond. She’d demonstrated suf ficient proof of knowledge.
But in this world, Nujian was dead. An entire island of people had vanished. And Y angchen had swallowed her fill of half measures. For
emphasis more than anything else, she leaped straight up and angled an overhead kick at the gong for a third sharp gust, a heels-over -head strike.
She finished the flip by landing on all fours, cracking the balcony floor under her knuckles. A sheet of rock sprouted from the ground below , a
landslide that defied gravity . The stone lapped over the entire platform,
trapping the two of them firmly inside the walls.
Light filtered through minuscule cracks in the stone like the gaps between fingers. They’d become two insects in a giant’ s cupped hand.
Yangchen could see her fellow prisoner . The normally unflappable zongdu pushed on the twisted bricks blocking the doorway , trying to get back
inside.

“What nonsense are you playing at?” Chaisee shouted. She pounded her fist over each section of the wall in turn, searching for weak spots,
methodical even while her fear grew . “Release me this instant!”
Are we going to behave? Yangchen directed the silent question at herself with more than a little sarcasm. Now , in the crucial moment, she
couldn’ t afford losing her surroundings to old fears.
The confined space had no terrors for her . She imagined her former selves backing away from the present, wanting to stay clear of her folly .
Leaving her still Y angchen. “Do you know what makes an Air Nomad an
Air Nomad?” she said. “The ability to sit quietly with oneself, anywhere,
any place, without want or plan. I thought the two of us might try that together .”
Chaisee wheeled on her . “We can’ t stay here!”
“Why not?” Y angchen had chased the complete picture for so long to no avail. Now was the time to see what willful ignorance might reap. “W e
shouldn’ t be in any danger . This space is no dif ferent from a hermit’ s cell.
Certainly , no harm will come to you by my hand.”
Yangchen leaned closer , her grin uncontrollable. “I happen to know that Thapa requires a little bit of time to work up to a really lar ge blast. I
might be able to save us before then, if you give me his location.”
With trembling hands, Chaisee made gestures of calmness. A few strands of loose hair brushed behind her ears, a deep breath. “So this is your
game? Betting it all on who blinks first? I didn’ t paint you as such an irresponsible leader .”
Her nimble mind would reach for any thread it could to weave together a safety net. “Think about the situation you’d leave behind, A vatar ,”
Chaisee said, trying to outpace the last few falling grains of sand in the hourglass. “T aku in chaos. The Four Nations in disarray . You don’ t want to
depart this world bearing such heavy regrets now , would you?”
Yangchen stared at her before bursting into laughter .
Chaisee startled backward. Y angchen’ s shrill howls bounced and redoubled inside the small enclosure. Regr ets? Threatening the A vatar with
regrets was like trying to drown a fish. She knew that now . Yangchen would be doomed to an eternity of reflection upon her errors, no matter her
choices.

“I can’t leave this world,” she gasped as she wiped a tear from her eye.
“I’m trapped! I always come back! Haven’ t you heard?”
If she were bound to this rock, then she’d use her chains as a weapon.
“You on the other hand, Zongdu Chaisee. Think about what you’d leave behind.”
The whites of Chaisee’ s eyes grew .
“A forward-thinking person like yourself would have made plenty of assurances for your sudden and untimely absence,” Y angchen said. “Y our
organization can survive without its head until it finds a new one. And you’ve probably drawn up contracts to leave money where you see fit.”
That much was certainly true. The wealthiest individuals paid considerable attention to how their riches would live on past them. But
there was a deep dif ference between planning for one’ s death and facing it.
“I’m sure you can trust your subordinates with your legacy , given how exemplary a leader you are.” Y angchen giggled; some tales were too hard to
spin with a straight face. She wasn’ t that good an actor . “I’d bet the world that your son will be well taken care of by all of those men and women …
you’ve paid .”
Chaisee cast her head down. “He’ s under the hall,” she whispered.
No. No, no, too soon. I need to see you mean it . Yangchen crossed her arms and remained where she was.
“Didn’ t you hear me?” Chaisee’ s warble was the first note of true desperation Y angchen had ever heard from her . “There’ s a basement under
the floorboards of the convocation hall! Thapa is sealed inside! Y ou have to extract him!”
“I’m sorry ,” Yangchen said calmly . “You’ve fed me so many lies that I
can’t take your word at face value anymore. I go down there, find nothing,
you take the chance to escape. I won’ t fall for your tricks.”
“What is wr ong with you!?” Chaisee grabbed her robes and yanked her close with the strength of a person who finally had something to lose.
“Ther e’s no mor e time!”
She searched the A vatar ’s face in confusion. An understanding passed between them. Despite her earlier advice, Chaisee did have some pride
remaining in her after all. Because the last of it crumbled away before
Yangchen’ s very eyes.

The Zongdu of Jonduri sank to her knees. She lowered herself, still clutching Y angchen’ s robes, and did as so many crowds had done before in
this era and eras past.
“Avatar Y angchen,” she begged. “Save me. Please.”
Hidden from witnesses, the two of them could reach their nadirs together . Chaisee the adherent. The follower . And Y angchen, a statue in an
alcove. “I made a mistake,” Chaisee said. “I put us in danger . This is all my fault. My doing.”
They were most of the way there. A true declaration of repentance had a crucial ingredient. W as the zongdu insightful enough to grasp it in time?
Chaisee raised her head. T ears welled in her eyes. “Please!” she cried.
“I’ll do anything to make it right!”
Good enough . Yangchen leaped straight up, bursting through the top of the enclosure, the stone shattering around her shoulders.
She air spouted higher and higher , past the gong she’d struck to call forth Thapa from his hiding place, the roof of the hall shrinking under her
feet. The ef fort was easier than normal, even for a master of the technique,
as if her very body were emptier .
From up here, T aku was so miniature and unreal. She was tempted to take a step out of the whirling funnel to see if she could follow Laghima
into the nothingness of legend. Another day perhaps.
Yangchen focused her attention below and committed the real irresponsible, self-destructive, unfor givable act of today . With the man who
could kill her undoubtedly moments away from doing so, she entered the
Avatar State.
The hall was an architect’ s model. On an earthen plate, it could be swiveled to the side. The centerpiece of T aku shifted in accordance with
Yangchen’ s will, following her body’ s command. A tectonic drift, localized to a single block. Surely everyone who could see her was screaming in
terror .
The posts of the building snapped like twigs. W ith borrowed power ,
she shunted the entire hall, Chaisee still inside, to the edge of the street. The building drooped in front of a crowd of bewildered onlookers like a
damaged cake, a ridiculous sight. A once proud landmark nudged to the left.

Once the excavated pit of the lowest floors had been revealed,
Yangchen fell out of the sky and landed in the western side of the foundation, which just so happened to be roughly the length of an airball
court. Even the decapitated load-bearing pillars to the left and right resembled the footposts of her people’ s game.
The eastern side had been converted to a squalid burrow , full of filth and half-gnawed rations. A sole occupant stood keeper . Thapa. Chaisee had
stashed him under the tar get location itself, outfoxing Y angchen and anyone else who might have known that one of his chief advantages was range. No
wonder they hadn’ t been able to find him.
The vibrations of the gong had reached him in his hole, though, a signal that could have penetrated any location in T aku. The Firebender
breathed in and out, head lowered meditatively , completely unperturbed by the havoc Y angchen had caused. He seemed determined to carry out his
orders, heedless of the circumstances.
Thapa inhaled one last time and looked up at her . There was a glassy ,
distant sheen to his eyes, from hunger or isolation or something else she couldn’ t identify . The selfish cunning that normally oozed from the man
was nowhere to be found in his blank expression.
He’d finished the lengthy buildup for his technique. There they were,
the A vatar and Unanimity , two great powers on opposite ends of a wavering scale, straddling the pivot of the world.
“Don’ t,” Yangchen said. “Y ou have—”
Thapa leaned his head back, far enough to give her a look up his nostrils. His stomach caved inward.
You have a choice , was what Y angchen was going to say . But apparently Thapa felt compelled to continue down his destructive path, just
like Chaisee and Feishan and every shortsighted being Y angchen had ever pleaded with. He threw his head forward and let loose the ability he’d
worked so hard for , survived and betrayed his comrades for . All that power had to go somewhere.
The distinct pop-pop of Unanimity sounded.
No matter , Yangchen thought, strangely at peace as she brought her hands up. This is all right .
She’d made a choice of her own, long ago.

APPETITE FOR BITTER
BEFORE TAKU
The cave in T aihua, as far away from the Northern T emple as could be reached in a single flight, was just a cave. No Air Nomads or gurus had ever
resided there as far as Y angchen knew , and there were no accommodations to keep out the cold.
A campfire, easily seen from afar , would have been a bad idea. So when Y angchen returned to the isolated mouth in the mountains on Nujian,
she saw Y ingsu huddled against a rock, warming herself with the Breath of
Fire technique.
Yangchen couldn’ t help feeling strange, watching someone who possessed such extreme abilities use the most rudimentary of skills. It was
easy to for get the woman was also a Firebender who could perform the basics. She wouldn’ t cook her food by blowing it up .
Yangchen hopped of f Nujian and landed on the ledge jutting from the cave while he loitered higher in the ridgeline. In the faint dawn sun, half of
Yingsu was a looming shadow . “How’ s the monk?” she asked as she stared across the valley .
“Mingyur?” Y angchen sat down next to the Firebender and rubbed her eyes. “I ruptured his lungs and eardrums. I nearly killed him.”
“You saved his life,” Y ingsu said. “I don’ t know how , but Thapa would have blown him to bits. I’m not exactly sure what you did with the—”
She searched for words, expanded and contracted her hands in an attempt to describe what she’d witnessed. She’d have some dif ficulty there.
A void was invisible by definition, and Y ingsu had never been on the receiving end of the forbidden airbending technique that had neutralized
Thapa and Xiaoyun in Bin-Er .

Yangchen, lacking any other option, had tried to snuf f out Thapa’ s blast with a sudden, violent version of the maneuver , centering the vacuum
on the pinpoint terminus of the shot.
And spirits be praised, it had worked.
Not without cost, though. Mingyur had been caught in the radius of the bubble, subject to both the sudden, instantaneous lack of air and then the
battering turbulence of the winds rushing back to fill the empty space.
Yangchen had inflicted almost as much damage on him as the shockwave of a real explosion. She’d innovated a worse version of an already deadly
technique.
“You got him to ground,” Y ingsu said. “Covered him long enough for
Thapa to give up and retreat.” The Firebender frowned as she processed the events. “He must have escaped with help. I can’ t believe his rescuers would
let him take a shot at me and Xiaoyun.”
“I don’ t know ,” Yangchen said. “Maybe he fit their needs better and they didn’ t want you anymore. Y ou could have been demoted from asset to
loose end. There’ s no way to be sure.”
Yingsu swore and kicked her heel at the rock below . Yangchen watched her carefully . The danger they’d faced together , the attempt on her
life by her former comrades, seemed to have changed Y ingsu’ s attitude toward the A vatar who’d kept her prisoner for so long. Key pieces were
flipped in moments like this.
“So Xiaoyun is really dead?” Y ingsu asked.
Yangchen nodded. “So are you. Y ou played a convincing corpse.” The opportunity to deceive the world had presented itself in the hospital, and she
was glad they’d taken it. “Right now , I am the one person who knows you’re alive. It’ll stay that way , provided you live discreetly and avoid
trouble from here on out.”
“You would really let me go free?”
While the Firebenders remained in her custody , Yangchen had spent every single night trying to decide what to do with them. She hadn’ t been
able to find a solution until now . Ironically , Thapa’ s escape and betrayal had simplified things for her .
“If you keep your head down,” Y angchen said. “T ry to cause trouble with your ability , and you’d raise a flag to many dangerous people

throughout the world, including the group that just tried to kill you. Being hunted is no way to live.”
Yingsu made a low grunt. “Where would I go?”
“I have friends like you who were treated like pawns and suf fered for it. I set them up with new lives. Keep in mind I could place you anywhere
in the world. Air Nomad privileges. I can fly over borders, wherever you might want to settle. Which island in the Fire Nation do you come from?”
“I’m from the Earth Kingdom,” Y ingsu said, causing Y angchen to sputter in surprise. “I mean, at least some of my ancestors were Fire Nation,
obviously . But I come from a village of mountain guides in Kolau. I always thought the reason I survived Unanimity was because I had good lungs, was
used to breathing thin air .”
She gazed over the terrain with the universal haggardness of a person whose adventure hadn’ t turned out the way she’d hoped. “My parents tried
moving to new parts, but we got caught on the wrong side of the Platinum
Affair and weren’ t able to return.”
Just like Kavik . The rocky terrain surrounding them would have been familiar to someone who grew up in Kolau. Y angchen waited for the barbs
of homesickness to hook themselves into the Firebender . “There’ s a catch,”
she said.
“Hmph,” Y ingsu snorted. “And here I thought you were dif ferent than the other team.”
Not differ ent enough . “I want to know exactly how many people in the world can do what you do,” Y angchen said.
“I couldn’ t tell you for certain.” She saw the glare Y angchen was giving her . “No, really . Thapa, Xiaoyun, and I were the first to complete our
training on the island. But there were other groups behind us, still in the earlier stages of the program.” She shuddered. “They were younger .”
There would be time for anger later , Yangchen decided, tamping down the rising heat inside her . Right now , she needed a clear head. “Then tell me
where this island is so I can check for myself. Y ou don’ t have to be exact.
The stars at night, landmarks, which way the wind blew . If you knew what direction you set sail from. I have to go there.”
“They took care to keep us in the dark,” Y ingsu said. “But lucky for you, orienteering is in my blood. I can tell you where to search for the
camp.” She paused.