Title: part of the group. Free will wasn’ t the reason they’d all come together either; Akuudan and T ayagum would have preferred their peaceful (Part 4)

BEREA VEMENT
Befor e detachment, grind flour , sweep the floor , went the saying. After detachment, grind flour , sweep the floor .
Yangchen looked up at the T aku convocation hall, the sharp jut of its steeple, the blue sky beyond. The work would wait for you, no matter the
ragged tear in your spirit. W ork would be a lover in your bed as you wept,
ever present and steady , cradling you when you woke up soaked in your sweat, unsure of how long you’d lost consciousness. You still have me. Y ou
always have me .
The obligations would still be there as you lost weight, startled yourself with the sharpness of your ribs, be there to remind you that you
needed to eat, even just the bare minimum to keep your body moving forward. You can’ t serve me if you don’ t have your str ength .
Yangchen had swum the tides of grief before. It didn’ t matter how much you begged for relief. It didn’ t matter how nakedly you showed your
weakness. The world, the work, would flay its due from your hide, ripping off long bloody strips. It would attach sticks to you like a puppet and force
you to keep up the motions. As long as your outline was visible against the light, then good enough.
You did it so well befor e with Jetsun , said the voice, all the voices, the collective voice. Can you do it twice? W e won’ t take no for an answer .
She pushed open the doors to the hall and stepped inside. Entering was no longer a ceremony . Walking down the aisle, haggardness in her steps,
made her feel like one half of a terrible marriage, the value of the contract more important than either of its participants. The zongdus sat at the table,
each lost in their own preamble. Iwashi rested his eyeballs against his fists,
still hungover from his financial losses. The sooner the convocation was over for him, the better . Chaisee briskly flipped through page after page of
notes, all eras in time the same to her .

Ashoona watched a thin trickle of medicinal tea drip from a silver strainer into his cup. “Where’ s your companion?” he called out.
Yangchen stilled in the center of the hall. The blink she took was slow ,
long. Her hand had drifted to her stomach. She had to lower it to her side again willfully .
He means Kavik . “Ka—”
The world, already slowed, froze around her . If she ever had to pick a moment in her life that best espoused the lack of mercy she received as the
Avatar , it would be now . Mistakes were simply not allowed.
Iwashi glanced at her , the only one to. “Lio … won’ t be joining us today ,” she said. Avert catastr ophe, and we will grant you a r ewar d as
lasting as a morning dewdr op. “He’ s reconciling a few discrepancies in our books. Nothing serious.”
“It can be hard to keep up with a sudden windfall,” Chaisee said as she licked her thumb and bent another page. “The amount of cash you took
from Iwashi would overwhelm any single accountant.”
Iwashi glared daggers at his seat neighbor , the stumble from Y angchen forgotten. That was the funny thing about teasing, wasn’ t it? It was fine
until it hurt.
Ashoona waited for Y angchen to finish her trek and haul herself into her chair . He served as the oblivious smiling barrier between her and
Chaisee, blocking their line of sight to each other like the trees of an orchard row . Yangchen could lean forward or back a smidge and take a
good look at the person who’d ripped her in half and then half again, who’d rendered an island of people into slag to get at the ore.
“Today’ s agenda is light on business,” Ashoona said. “W e have to prepare for ratification.”
Chaisee tilted over the table, the first to break the seal. “That’ s when the Earth King, Fire Lord, and W ater T ribe Chief will arrive.” She took a
long pause, just on the cusp of knowing. “T o give their stamp of approval to our work.”
“Of course,” Y angchen said blankly .
Since this was the A vatar ’s first convocation, Chaisee insisted on spelling out the details, even though Y angchen, as a diligent student, would
have read about them. Soon, the first of the security details would arrive,
advance bodyguards from the W ater T ribe, Earth Kingdom, and Fire

Nation. Brocade Guards from the Pohuai Depot, the Fire Lord’ s palace elite, possibly even the feared Thin Claws of the North. The mood in the
city would change considerably . Taku was going to have so many dangerous, vigilant people in it that even a dropped pin would be too sharp
and swift moving an object to pass without scrutiny .
Only once the city had been deemed safe would the heads of state set foot inside. The tensions of the Platinum Af fair hadn’ t subsided in the least.
Rulers didn’ t simply show up out of the blue, Chaisee explained.
“I was wondering,” Y angchen murmured.
Given how poor the current relations were between Chief Oyaluk, Fire
Lord Gonryu, and Earth King Feishan, they’d do little in T aku but stamp their of ficial seals on the policies the zongdus had drafted and leave. Then
the cycle of business and shangs and goods and trade would continue. From now until forever more. In sickness and health.
“Realistically , that leaves this afternoon as the last session we have to make any substantive policy changes,” Chaisee said to Y angchen. “What do
you think?” Her manner was relaxed, friendly . “Do those events make sense?”
It did. The entire explanation had been one long reminder to Y angchen that she was of ficially out of time. Feishan’ s presence undercover was bad
enough, but once security details arrived in T aku, operating a team would become impossible. Thapa was still nowhere to be found. Chaisee had
successfully run down the hour glass.
She’d won. One Firebender to nothing. An empty board was all that
Nujian’ s life added up to.
“What do I do?” Y angchen asked, her thoughts snagged. Chaisee had described separate entry processions for the leader of each nation, intending
them as a threat— look how vulnerable Oyaluk and the others will be in the open str eet—but in her head Y angchen couldn’ t escape her bison’ s love of
parades, how he’d bounce happily through the streets. “W alk out the gate and then back in again?”
The burst of laughter came from every direction in the hall,
hammering into her ears like nails. Y angchen for got herself, for got her surroundings, could only hear people laughing at her loss, and suddenly she
was six again, about to lash out in the way children lashed out, only she was the most powerful being across the Four Nations and the one person who

could reliably get her to calm down was also gone, which was a shame because when the Master of Elements lost control, the entire world
suddenly became very sorry and meant it —
“Avatar Y angchen!”
She came to, halfway out of her seat. A lapse in her perception like scissor -cut paper , the printed design matching so long as she remained
perfectly still. Blinking, she looked around.
The assembly was still present. Not blown away by a gale force wind,
not even mussed. She could only assume from the petering chuckles around her that she hadn’ t lost time. Still trapped in the same joke . She played her
motions of f as needing to smooth her robes under her and sat back down.
The shout had come from the end of the hall. “Apologies,” said a young woman, one of Iwashi’ s attendants who glanced nervously at the
courier standing by the cracked doorway . “You have a message.”
Yangchen could hardly blame her for being on edge; Jujinta could intimidate without a word. He pressed an envelope into the woman’ s hands
and slipped back into the street. The servant, not wanting to be the center of attention any longer than she had to, raced down the aisle and delivered the
sealed note to Y angchen.
The wax broke of f with a flick of her nail. Y angchen read the few short lines scrawled on the paper and refolded it quickly . “Is there a problem?”
Chaisee asked. “Not bad news about Master Lio, I hope.”
She sent the letter from her team into the air , where it consumed itself in a burst of flame. Members of the assembly gasped in surprise, but
Chaisee, who’d seen her dispose of a message before in such a manner ,
watched the specks of ash fall to the floor with nothing more than an expression of mild interest.
Yangchen slumped to the side of her chair , propped up by the armrest,
and covered her eyes with her fingers. Her breath came harder , louder . She knew her face was reddening. “I …”
Heat traveled from her chest to her skin. Along her scalp and temples,
sweat began to bead, the shaved areas an exposed canvas. “I …” She tried again. “I …”
“Have been working too hard,” Chaisee said. She slapped her knees and rose. “W e’ve all been working too hard. I’d like to call a morning
recess. For the entire assembly .”

“I’m sorry?” Ashoona was confused by her sudden change in attitude.

“We can pick up in the afternoon,” Chaisee said, resolute. “Everyone,
take a break and leave the hall. Go see your friends and families. We

become so focused on business that we often lose sight of what’s really

important.”

A moment to rest and gather herself. Yangchen’s only source of mercy

was her foe.

Iwashi was the first to take Chaisee up on her offer, no longer wanting

to have anything to do with his present company. He left his seat and

stormed out of the room so quickly his bewildered attendants could barely

keep up. With a wave, Chaisee sent her followers after them.

The dam burst—precedent had been set. Yangchen watched the

assembly screech their chairs over the floor and file out of the building,
some of them unsure of what to do with their newly granted free time.

Ashoona glanced back and forth between the Avatar and the Zongdu of

Jonduri, sensing the tension in the air. But in the end, he followed his

trader’s instincts. Pursuing the matter wasn’t worth the effort. “Friends,” the

elderly man said with a bow before exiting the hall with the remaining

members of his retinue.

Once emptied, the floor was as peaceful as a meditation chamber.
“Come,” Chaisee said to Yangchen. “Join me upstairs for some fresh air.”

EXTRACTION
In a testament to his skill, indif ference, and arrogance, Kavik’ s brother had left no particular instructions on arranging a meet. Trust me , again. Always,
trust me. I’ll be able to find you .
At the break of dawn, before the light over T aku finished lending the city colors and the skyline stood gray against the clouds, Kavik walked into
a small, empty park, the stumpy intersection of five small streets, and sat down on a bench. There he waited.
The neighborhood seemed to be caught in a transition, several of the ground-floor businesses in the middle of failure while fresh ones were just
getting started. A drooping banner above a run-down storefront promised a new komodo-chicken restaurant opening soon. He couldn’ t have been the
first person to notice the supreme irony that it hung over the chipped signboard of an older komodo-chicken restaurant.
Hope springs eternal , he thought. After all, look at him. About to go another round with the one person he knew he couldn’ t beat. Songbirds
flitted and chirruped in a nearby tree. Kavik threw his head back, closed his eyes, and let the sun warm his face. He had to make sure his features were
exposed from every angle.
After half an hour had passed by his estimate, his patience paid of f.
The bench creaked with extra weight. Kavik had never subscribed to theories about masking one’ s presence or reading auras, but if there was
ever a person who could control exactly how much trace they wanted to leave upon the world, it was his older brother .
“If you need to nap, nap,” Kalyaan said. “Y ou look like you haven’ t been sleeping.”
The two of them kept their gazes on a dry , crescent-shaped pit with a small arching footbridge that would have been pointless even after the

water feature was finished. “And you can rest easy?” Kavik snapped. “After what you’ve done? The nightmares you’ve been party to?”
“I have no idea what you’re talking about,” Kalyaan said. He smoothed his hair back. He wore it much longer than he used to; soon he’d
be able to mimic the styles popular in the Fire Nation. “Are you still hung up about Bin-Er? That place wasn’ t our home.”
Spirits sucking on seaweed . “Don’ t give me that!” Kavik yelled through a constricted chest, straining to keep his voice down. “I saw the
island where Unanimity was created with my own eyes! I saw what you and
Chaisee did to those people!”
“Right, so here’ s a lesson for you. Listing things you’ve learned doesn’ t earn you a confession from whomever you want.” Kalyaan looked
equal parts amused and insulted. “I’m not a two-copper street thief who’ll fold under pressure just because the magistrate points her finger and shouts
‘I know you know what I know!’ Have a modicum of respect for me,
please.”
A flutter , perhaps that flimsy hope Kavik sought, tickled the back of his throat. He could be for given his desire for a brother who was still
human.
But like always, Kalyaan kept talking and ruined it out of sloppiness,
superiority , both. “What I can say is that it is extremely dif ficult to gather a large number of folks in a secluded area for an extended period of time in
secret without compensating them adequately . Perhaps these … people you’re so upset on behalf of made the choice to do … whatever it is … out
of their own free will. And received fair payment in return.”
It was dif ficult to take a swing at someone sitting next to you, but
Kavik tried anyway . He nearly dislocated his own shoulder for his trouble.
During the conversation, Kalyaan had snaked a few strands of water from a hidden skin around Kavik’ s waist from behind the bench without him
noticing, cuf fing his dominant arm in place.
Kavik swore and kicked dust at his brother . In his mind he saw the chair with straps, that horrible chair the A vatar had buried deep within the
earth.
“Hey! T ake it easy!” Kalyaan relaxed his grip on the water and the pressure melted away from Kavik’ s wrist. “What’ s gotten into you? Y ou
never used to be this jumpy .”

“Maybe it’ s because I found out I was related to a monster!”
“My boss doesn’ t tell me everything about her operations. It’ s called compartmentalization of information. A practice you and the A vatar should
have kept.”
The White Lotus valued opacity in the manner he described. Y angchen simply trusted the people she thought were her friends. “W e’re going to
burn you,” Kavik snarled.
Kalyaan leaned forward, finally interested.
One of the surprising dif ficulties in blackmailing someone was informing them they were being blackmailed in the first place. “If you don’ t
hand over Thapa, the A vatar is going to tell Chaisee that you originally joined her or ganization as Zongdu Henshe’ s plant,” Kavik said.
“Ah” was Kalyaan’ s only response.
“I’m sure you’re handling Thapa in the city , because we can’ t find him.” Flattery might season the dish Kavik was trying to serve. “I admit
defeat and so does the A vatar . You’ve beaten us at tradecraft, so we’ve moved onto dirt. Give us Thapa and your secret stays safe for now .”
“And does the A vatar know that by making good on her threat, she’d be handing me over to a person who will in all likelihood have me
screaming for death for days on end? W eeks?”
“She doesn’ t care.”
“I don’ t believe you. She’ s the A vatar . Air Nomad principles and all that. Coercion and threats of violence are of f-limits.”
“She doesn’ t care,” Kavik repeated. “Y ou and Chaisee have cost her more than you’ll ever know , and she wants to see you bleed.”
“Do you? ” Kalyaan said. “That’ s the real question here. Do you want to see me suf fer? Y ou know you’re going to have to testify before Chaisee
for this plan to truly work. If you do, you might as well be the one holding the skinning knife.”
He was right. The other challenge to burning someone was setting the table for the audience. Y ou couldn’ t just hurl a story through a window at a
stranger; you needed access to the person holding the stick, and once you had it, credibility . Master Lio’ s true identity was the evidence, the torch that
would set Kalyaan alight, and only his word would suf fice. He would probably have to deliver the news in person to Chaisee and dredge up their

old life in the North. W ithout Kavik, the accusation would merely look like a ruse by the A vatar .
“Look me in the eye and tell me you’d be fine selling me out,”
Kalyaan said. “T ell me you’d be able to live with yourself knowing you were responsible for the untimely end of your own flesh and blood.”
Kavik stilled his face, knowing that was a tell in itself. T rying to hide from his brother was futile. “I’d be fine seeing you get what you deserve.”
“Blow me out to sea,” Kalyaan muttered. His hands came up, then down on his thighs with a clap. “Y ou’d really do it, wouldn’ t you? Not
because you want to, but because the A vatar wills it so. She’ s convinced you your purity is at stake, and it doesn’ t matter to her that the decision
would haunt you for the rest of your life.”
As the sun rose, so did activity throughout the neighborhood. A few blocks down the street, people on their way to work crossed briskly from
one corner to the other , existing only in a thin slice of perspective. A
puppeteer could make a crowd on the cheap by dragging a bystander across the stage, dipping them out of view , and then repeating the cycle.
“Do you know why you haven’ t caught up to me yet?” Kalyaan said.
“It’s not because I’m better at sneaking around, following people, any of that. It’ s because you’re incapable of making decisions of your own free
will.”
“Oh, go soak yourself.”
“No, I mean it. Y ou’re constantly looking over your shoulder for approval. Y ou can’ t choose a path when there’ s no outside party to judge
you. There’ s a guru named Shoken you should read; you’re a perfect example of his ‘Fettered Man.’”
“What, in contrast to you?”
“Yes. When I told Chaisee you were my brother , there was no one to pat me on the head and say Good job, you made the right move . I just took
the risk on my own.”
In the distance, a porter pulling a heavy cart overladen with carrots and cabbages made it through the diagonal of an intersection before Kavik
could summon his voice. “W ait, what?”
“Wait, what?” Kalyaan mocked. “Chaisee knows you’re my brother and a spy for the A vatar . Your plan to burn me isn’ t going to work. I came
clean to her about my origins a while ago and she for gave me for working

with Henshe. I’ve become the role. The Zongdu of Jonduri’ s man, through and through.”
Information, that strangest of coin. Kavik and the A vatar hadn’ t counted on a precious secret being given away so freely , and now the floor
had dropped out from under him. A few moments ago, the one thing he and his brother agreed on was Chaisee’ s unyielding capacity for harming those
who betrayed her . “You’re lying,” Kavik said. “Chaisee would never let you slide. She’d have killed you on the spot.”
Kalyaan shrugged. “I don’ t know . Why wouldn’ t she show some leniency to the father of her child?”
Everything I do, I do for family .
Kavik dropped his head into his hands. His own choked scream of frustration bounced back into his face.
“Sorry .” Kalyaan slapped him on the back. “Y ou’re no longer the baby of the family . Harsh stuf f, but you’ll get used to being an uncle.”
As Kavik shook, Kalyaan circled his palm, warming him with friction as if to help him fight of f a bout of nausea. “Y ou and the A vatar can’ t burn
me. Y ou have no fuel for your fire. Just goes to show , honesty really is the best policy . I truly believe that now , which is why I’m going to tell you
what’ll happen next.”
Kalyaan leaned into Kavik’ s ear. “Chaisee’ s not the heartless person you think she is. She accepts wayward brothers-in-law and wants us to be
together . You’re going to come with me, right now , and we are going to leave T aku. W e’ll figure out a way to collect our parents, and then all of us
are going to live out the rest of our days happy and free, completely untouchable to the rest of the world.”
“You’ve gone mad.” Kavik pushed his brother away . “You’ve completely lost it.” Kalyaan couldn’ t be the one with the stronger grip on
reality here.
“Nah, I just have faith in the woman I love. She’ll be handling your boss shortly enough.” He thumbed in the general direction of the
convocation hall.

Yangchen. She was in danger . Kavik leaped up from the bench, but
Kalyaan grabbed the back of his neck and slammed him down hard enough to send a jolt through his tailbone. “No, no, no running of f now . That would
make this a kidnapping. Y ou’re not turning me into a kidnapper .”
He made a motion toward the komodo-chicken restaurant. A man stepped out, thin and reedy . Tael. Behind him followed six men with the
bearing of association headkickers.
Kavik realized he hadn’ t assigned himself enough value. He could make both Thapa and his brother . He’d seen the island where Unanimity
had been trained and spoken to one of its assets in development. He was a wealth of partial information and Chaisee would benefit from having him
under her control, if not killed.
He’d played right into the enemy’ s hands. Gifted them the chance to grab him.
The association members formed a half ring around the bench. “Fancy seeing you again,” T ael said. “What’ s the matter? No greetings for an old
friend?”
He didn’ t know how much Kavik hated his guts. T ael was the one who’d forced him to dispose of his former broker ’s body in Jonduri, and
he’d murdered a member of Kavik’ s mission team in cold blood. Kavik leaned over and spat on T ael’s foot. Honesty being the best policy .
Tael’s face darkened while Kalyaan laughed. He knew Kavik had nothing in his arsenal left except the weapons of a younger sibling, tantrum
gestures and refusals. “I’m not going anywhere with these rat-pigs,” Kavik said to his brother . “What are you even planning to do with me in the first
place? Keep me prisoner until I come around and for give you?”
“Prisoner is a relative term,” Kalyaan said. “I’d get you a nice room somewhere. Henshe had it pretty good in his cushy quarters at the Northern
Air T emple. Y ou know , before I put an icicle through his kidneys.”
“Boss-boss,” T ael said, his eyes fixed on something behind them.
Kalyaan glanced over his shoulder and Kavik caught a rare expression of surprise on his brother ’s face. “W ell, what have we here?” Kalyaan
muttered. “The A vatar doesn’ t run with such an unsavory-looking crowd.”
From the other side of the park, a group of men and women, seven in total, conver ged on the bench from dif ferent directions. One of them was
Do. The White Lotus had tailed Kavik to the meeting with his brother

without telling him, not in the group show of force the association used to intimidate warehouse workers but through separate routes and stations, each
unnoticeable, like true professionals.
The sight of backup should have heartened Kavik. But if Do’ s squad had followed him out of concern for his safety , they would have told him in
advance. There was no reason to leave him in the dark. Unless—
Kavik balled his fists. The White Lotus wasn’ t here for him. They were here for Kalyaan. His employers had given up on Thapa and changed
their focus to snatching his brother .
Kalyaan could tell them how to make more of Unanimity , one wrecked body at a time. He could give the White Lotus the keys to power greater
than any nation could summon. Compared to his brother , Kavik was simply the bait. They hadn’ t informed him they’d be watching his back because
they didn’ t want him tipping of f their true prize.
Two dif ferent abduction plans had collided. Kavik could see Kalyaan’ s pages flip, the calculations dancing behind his eyes. “W ell, this is about to
turn into a cluster ,” he said to Kavik. “Do these friends of yours know
Feishan’ s in T aku?”
“They do.” Kavik got up again, unimpeded this time, and did a quick spin to see how much danger they were in of being discovered. Around
them, the windows of the upper floors were dark or shut. Pedestrians continued to travel the main thoroughfares a few blocks away , distracted by
their business. Not a perfect bubble by any means.
“Can they be discreet?” Kalyaan asked.
“They can.”
The association men fanned out, pairing of f with an opposite number in the White Lotus. W ith exaggerated motions, T ael twirled his finger
around in the air and then pressed it to his lips.
Do nodded and flicked his hand toward the ground. A thin dagger of fire shot out of his wrist. Kavik knew from their sparring sessions that Do
preferred the heel of his hand as the source of his flame rather than the icepick grip used by most other practitioners of the technique. It allowed for a more forceful thrust, a deeper cooking of the victim’ s internal or gans.
Knives dropped out of sleeves. The Earthbenders on either side pulled sharp slivers of pavestone from the ground; the W aterbenders drew liquid
blades and garrotes from hidden pouches under their clothes.

“Don’t move,” Kalyaan said, rising, and suddenly he was the

protective big brother again, the one who would shield Kavik

from the

storm with his body. “Keep your head down and stay still until I tell you

otherwise. I’ll get you out of here.”

Remain seated in the audience. Pretend not to be a part of the

ugliness
. It was too late for that. The two lines of killers closed around

them.

THE PITCH
Yangchen found Chaisee in the room where they’d played their fateful game of Sparrowbones. The Zongdu of Jonduri leisurely circled the walls,
leaning her nose close to the scrollwork, examining the chop seals of the artists. “I’m trying to determine the fakes from the genuine articles,” she
explained before Y angchen could ask what she was doing. “These are mine now, or will become mine soon.”
“Was there a deal struck behind my back?”
“Yes. I took on a chunk of Iwashi’ s personal debts, of f the books. It turns out he’ s not very liquid, and one can only steal so much from T aku’s
coffers.”
Somehow Y angchen was not surprised that Iwashi ended up the same as the shangs of Bin-Er . Exactly as rich as others were willing to treat him.
“I have you and Master Lio to thank,” Chaisee said. “The two of you didn’ t have to work him over so hard. Y our skill and ruthlessness drove Iwashi
right into my arms.”
“You do always seem to come out ahead, no matter the scenario.” If
Yangchen recalled correctly , Chaisee’ s score line after the game had concluded was breakeven. Of ficially , she owed nothing and was owed
nothing. But rather than chasing gains on paper , she’d exploited the hole
Iwashi dug for himself and cut the back-channel deal. “I admit it. Y ou’re better than me.”
Chaisee pursed her lips. “I don’ t understand. Better at what? Business?
We’re partners in business, friends and equals.”
Yangchen wanted nothing more than to speak plainly for once, to stop pretending and cut through the curtain of lies. Getting Chaisee to admit the
game was taking place at all might have been the only victory left to her ,
pathetic as that was. “At manipulating people. Information. Can we drop the act? Or are we to circle each other forever?”

But Chaisee and her iron discipline wouldn’ t relinquish even the tiniest patch of ground. “Y ou seem to believe we’re at odds. And worse, you’ve
imagined your pride is at stake. A vatar , if there’ s one thing I’ve learned over the years, it’ s that you should never bring your pride to the table. Swallow
your pride at every turn.” Chaisee tipped her head side to side. “Some helpful advice to a young woman whom I greatly respect and view—
forgive the presumption—almost as a little sister .”
Yangchen flicked her arm out. A gust of wind snapped the doors to the balcony open, breaking the latch. The wooden frames banged against the
walls.
Chaisee did not flinch in the slightest. “I did say I wanted fresh air .”
She strolled out to the railing and leaned her hands on it, breathing deep enough to be heard inside the room. Y angchen took the lesson to heart,
shoved her pride down her gullet, and joined her .
Time, and more importantly how much of it one had left, could change a city’ s shape. The vista of T aku loomed as a menace, each block of
apartments a hostile party , each open window a gateway through which
Thapa could deliver annihilation. And that was only the view from this side.
Yangchen turned her back to the rail and looked up. The spire of the convocation hall blocked out much of the sky , and through the archways
she could see the city’ s great gong, the bronze catching the fire of the sun.
“I don’ t think it’ s fair ,” Chaisee said out of the blue. “A vatarhood.
Never seemed fair to me.”
Yangchen had heard this complaint countless times in every life she could remember . Whispers from envious students at bending schools, the
stunned reactions of sages who’d never entered the Spirit W orld. The
Avatar was adored across the Four Nations, so the refrain went. The A vatar was special. “Y ou’re right; the privilege of bending more than one element
is indescribable,” Y angchen said dryly . “I’ve been an unappreciative prig.”
But Chaisee surprised her yet again. “Oh no, you mistake me. It’ s not fair in the other direction. T o you and your predecessors. The injustice you
face is simply awful.”
The older woman wrinkled her nose. “Some carnival show of politics like the Platinum Af fair happens, and history declares it’ s the fault of a
child who had no choice in their anointing? T osh, if you ask me. The people of the Four Nations feel entitled to think you’re responsible for every