Title: Part of the dif ficulty was remembering her own lies. Concocted events were like a vision she had to force herself into having, unlike the ones that (Part 7)

declaration of war against caked-on oil was close enough to the way he

normally spoke. Kavik had successfully shed his team like the last man

standing at hide-and-seek. He’d won, but the losers got to keep each other

company.

He was grateful, to an extent. If the shunning continued, Kavik would

be in an ideal position to run his mission for the White Lotus, unobserved.
His life would be much easier.
He just hadn’t expected it to feel so lonely.

MATTERS OF PRIDE
Yangchen for got sometimes. The problem with clandestine af fairs was how easily they were wiped out by aboveboard power moves. Spycraft could be
like a fight between an owl-wolf and the sick gemsbok-bull it was hunting.
The outcome was irrelevant if the entire herd got spooked and trampled both the participants.
The table she sat at was a harsh reminder that in daylight, money was still the most powerful weapon available. “Feast,” said Zongdu Iwashi, the
man who ran T aku. He tipped over the row of Sparrowbones tiles in front of him to reveal a neat sequence of symbols. His clean-shaven face oozed with
glee. “ Guru Ascends the Mountain , single colors, double-double.”
Yangchen watched Kavik sputter , no grounds to protest. He’d just lost a sum lar ge enough to fund a fully kitted merchant voyage between here
and Port T uugaq in a medium-sized ship. “Perhaps Master Lio could start playing more defensively ,” she said through her gritted teeth. She was glad
she didn’ t have to feign calmness here.
“I thought it was a safe discard!” “Master Lio,” who’d seriously oversold his gambling skills, wiped his brow . The fake identity Kavik wore
might have been one extra layer too many , causing him to sweat. “It’ s humid,” he mumbled in excuse.
It was indeed muggy inside the sumptuous parlor above the T aku gathering hall. Iwashi’ s collection of scrollwork was going to warp
prematurely , and some of his miniature trees would never thrive in the moist conditions. He’d purchase new ones instead of caring.
Iwashi was about fifty years old, short, broad, and bald. He’d already made his fortune several times over in the mining business and was only a
tourist as far as zongdus went. Unlike Henshe, who desperately needed the title to advance in society , Iwashi treated his job as a lark and was content

to walk alongside the lumbering behemoth that was T aku’s wealth. He could give it a prod every now and then while calling himself its leader .
The hands-of f attitude Iwashi took toward being Zongdu of T aku apparently gave him plenty of time to master other pursuits at the highest
level. “Therein lies your problem, Master Lio,” he said. “By seeking safety ,
you become predictable. Prey in a burrow , with no recourse but to wait until you’re dug out of your hole and slain.”
Yangchen glanced to the side. Lar ge paned glass doors opened to the balcony and of fered a view of the harbor . In the distance, pleasure vessels
bobbed in the waters. Iwashi’ s own pride and joy , the Bliss Eternal , was easily distinguished by the giant green banner trailing from the stern.
“Is there something that interests you down by the docks, A vatar?”
asked the fourth member of the group.
“Yes,” Y angchen said quickly . “I need to know when Master Lio’ s luck will come sailing in, because right now I think it’ s dropped anchor
somewhere over the horizon.”
Iwashi slapped his knee. Kavik shoved his tiles back into the center of the table, his lips a thin line. The dig at his expense was the fastest
deflection away from the water that Y angchen could think of, but it wasn’ t helping his mental state any .
She couldn’ t blame Kavik for being rattled. Not when Zongdu Chaisee sat between them. “I wouldn’ t be too harsh on your companion,” Chaisee
said. “He might be bleeding money , but at the end of the day , it’s only money . Not a matter of life and death.”
“Bunk,” Iwashi said. “Look at the phrasing you just used. Blood .
Sanctimonious fools always claim that you can’ t put a price on human life,
but you absolutely can. How much food does a person eat over eight decades? How much does medicine for a fatal disease cost? A magistrate
declares compensation when a farmer ’s hippo-ox tramples the neighbor ’s child. Money is life. Money is death.”
He suddenly leaned across the table corner and loomed close to
Kavik’ s ear. The stretch of his neck coupled with his smooth head gave him the appearance of a cave eel. “I’m killing you, Master Lio,” Iwashi said
while Kavik stared down at his own lap. “Not with a knife in the dark, but in broad daylight. That is what your debt means.”

The Zongdu of Taku gestured into the distance as if asking his victim

to behold the waiting void. “If you were to run right now, duty, honor, and

law would deliver you right back into my hands. I don’t think your entire

life’s labors could encompass the sum you currently owe me. I’m killing

you and anyone you might have hoped to support.”
“Iwashi, that’s enough,” said Chaisee. “Don’t be a churl.”

“Merely a metaphor.” Iwashi withdrew to his own seat, human once

again. “But is it enough? What say you, Master Lio? Do you think you can

recover from such devastating losses?”

Kavik didn’t look up to meet Yangchen’s gaze. She could have

answered for him and signaled their retreat. This was their

chance to

withdraw. The fortunes of Bin-Er had been disemboweled, but if they held

their guts in as they ran and didn’t trip, they might escape.

But they still hadn’t received the signal from the others. Jujinta,
Tayagum, and Akuudan should have been finished at least an hour ago. Had

they been caught? Were she and Kavik buying time for dead men? Or were

they merely dawdling?

Yangchen’s jaws stuck halfway open, a gate rusted to uselessness. She

couldn’t push a decision out. With nothing but silence on offer, Kavik

interpreted her will as best he could. “No,” he whispered. “I can keep

going.”

Hesitation gets people killed
. Someone had told her that, once.
Iwashi’s claim was no poetic device. The funds for the wells she’d been

planning were long gone. Money for shelter, warmth, food—gone. She and

Kavik were gambling with lives and losing.

This plan was a mistake
, Yangchen screamed in her own head. Only

the breeze she stole from the window kept her from sweating like Kavik.
What was I thinking? What in the name of the spirits was I

thinking?

BAITED
LAST NIGHT
“I know what you’re all thinking,” Y angchen said to her assembled team.
Night had settled over the safe house. She held the cup of tea in her hands close to her face, even though it was on the ver ge of blistering her finger
pads. “W e have six days before the Earth King, Fire Lord, and W ater T ribe
Chief arrive in T aku. Chaisee won’ t be as careless with her asset as Henshe.
Five people can’ t possibly cover enough ground to get a direct visual confirmation on one man before it’ s too late.”
The team stood around a flimsy table they’d hauled out of storage. The map of T aku they loomed over was marked up with a grease pencil, each
smudge a location where Thapa could set up to inflict catastrophic damage.
There were simply too many ideal hiding spots. The map was as dotted as a pox victim.
Succeeding with the same game plan as they had used in Bin-Er was always going to be unlikely . Not only did T aku present a lar ger, less
familiar jungle, but the convocation itself was a problem. The merchants had boosted their private security contingents for the week, which meant
the streets were filled with a lot of oversized benders, fighters, and hired toughs of all stripes. Thapa’ s distinctive build was no longer so unique.
“No luck turning back the heads of state?” T ayagum asked.
“None.” She avoided looking at Kavik. He’d relayed her plea to the
White Lotus, but there had been no response yet, and as far as the latest news was concerned, Feishan and the other leaders were still on their way .
“I’ve exhausted my channels with them—pushing any harder risks causing another international incident. W e’re on our own.”
“If we can’ t defend with our numbers, then we need to attack,” Jujinta said.

“Precisely .” She noticed the annoyed little pout Kavik made when she praised Jujinta and tucked it away for later . “With the right records, we can
narrow these locations down to a manageable set.”
“Stealing information from Chaisee isn’ t going to be easy under these circumstances,” T ayagum said.
“We won’ t have to. W e can count on her to do the smart thing in this scenario, which is to make her preparations through an intermediary .
Zongdu Iwashi.”
If the woman had one exploitable pattern, it was that she liked using her peers as patsies. “From her perspective, Iwashi is the ideal agent. He
can set up any arrangement she might need in T aku. And she can demand the favor in a face-to-face talk without creating a written trail leading back
to her .”
Yangchen drank her tea in gulps, pain smearing over her tongue. While the others had their own cups, she’d laced hers with leaves used in the
special brew that visitors to the Spirit Oasis drank. Whether she was allowed to have it outside of the ritual was a gray area, but it was much
stronger than normal tea and she needed every bit of ener gy she could muster . “From our perspective, Iwashi is a much softer tar get.”
“How much softer?” Kavik asked.
She put the empty cup on a curling corner of the map. “It’ll be like scoring on an empty hoop. I guarantee it.”
“Zongdu Iwashi has many great loves,” Y angchen explained to her assembled team. “Cicada-cricket fighting, penjing gardening, sailing.
Especially sailing. This year ’s convocation has been scheduled during a very inconvenient season for him. The winds are favorable for ships and
normally he’d be on the water as much as possible. During these months he even sleeps on the boat at night and handles what little work he does while
at sea.”
“So all of his important documents will be in his little floating of fice,”
Tayagum said.
“The Bliss Eternal is anything but little, but yes. Once the convocation finishes for the day , he’s going to be eager for an evening jaunt around the

coast. His personal security will follow him.”
“We hit the boat before his evening cruise,” Akuudan said. “Seems straightforward enough.”
“It would be, except there isn’ t a good window during business hours.
Based on the maintenance and resupply schedules, we’d have to strike after the convocation adjourns but before Iwashi himself reaches the docks.”
“Exactly how long have you been preparing to go to war with the
Zongdu of T aku?” Kavik asked.
Bin-Er was supposed to be only the first stop on her campaign to challenge the shang system as a whole. But she’d gotten sidetracked, to say
the least. “Whoever starts playing the game first wins. Are you honestly surprised?” He shrugged and shook his head.
Yangchen picked up where she’d left of f. “As I was saying—Iwashi’ s hobbies. There is one pursuit he loves even more than sailing. The only
thing that could keep him from his beloved ship after a day of boring meetings.” She paused and looked around. “Sparrowbones.”
She sensed everyone’ s interest sharpen immediately . The gambling game was practically Jonduri’ s national sport. “Iwashi is an absolute fiend
for Sparrowbones and has been known to challenge random players on the spot if he thinks they’ll put up a decent fight,” she said. “Unfortunately , I
don’t quite measure up, at least not by myself.”
Yangchen swirled her remaining dregs of tea, scrambling any fortunes hidden in the leaves. The future was made, not read. “Now tell me. Which
of you four happens to be the best player?”
Hours later , Yangchen and Kavik snuck out of the safe house and made their way to one of the main avenues that spanned T aku. The plan required
them to start their day in the A vatar ’s official lodgings. Moving as a pair through the side streets was much faster than going alone when they could
watch each other ’s blind spots.
They relaxed once the sounds of nightlife filled the air . The warm glow of lanterns painted the walls of the international zone an inviting orange,
while the sizzle and chop of food stalls punctuated the lively conversations taking place along the sidewalks. One corner was lined with shadow puppet

stages. Artists smeared hide cutouts against mulberry paper screens using sticks of rattan while the audience on the other side cheered and booed their
favorite characters from old folktales.
Yangchen grabbed Kavik’ s arm and tugged him along when he dawdled, broad grins on both their faces. They ran past turning heads,
giggling, and made it to the side of the guesthouse where the A vatar was staying for the convocation. A quick air spout elevated them both to the
second-story window of her of ficial quarters. They undid the latch with fumbling hands and tumbled through together .
As soon as they were inside, they dropped their smiles and separated all the way to dif ferent corners of the room. Y angchen firebent flame into
the lamps and looked around. There was an enclosed, three-sided bed,
carved with lattices as fine as the lace of a noblewoman’ s dress. A lotusshaped censer hanging from the ceiling spilled sweet fragrance over the furnishings, and the dressing table held an array of combs. She snorted
when she realized it—they’d put her in a wedding suite.
Kavik circumnavigated the walls, dragging his spread fingers along the surface to check for hidden apertures. He finished his rounds and faced her
again. “Clean,” he said.
“No errand runners threatening to burst out and hold me hostage?”
His wan grimace was especially sad compared to the expressions he’d faked so well earlier . “Not unless they can bend solid wood.”
They both stood with their arms held close to their bodies, unwilling to relax. “T omorrow’ s a big day ,” Yangchen said. “Are you sure Chaisee isn’ t
going to recognize you?”
“You already asked.”
“I’m asking again. In case you didn’ t feel like you could tell the truth in front of the others.”
She could have ordered him closer into the light so she could examine his eyes, check his pulse, watch the flush of his skin, but he seemed so thin
right now , one of the paper shadows from the street plays that could only move along a single plane. A nudge in the wrong direction would distort his
answer .
“What you really mean is, did my brother rat me out? Did he burn me?” Kavik took longer to think about his response than he did when she’d

asked back at the safe house. “The answer is no. He’d have nothing to gain by it.”
Thanks to his last-minute confession, she knew the story of what happened in Jonduri. Kalyaan had facilitated his entry into Chaisee’ s
association and sent him home to Bin-Er with his cover intact. In a way ,
he’d protected his little brother as well as himself.
Yangchen was satisfied, as much as she could be given the circumstances. But then Kavik added one last unnecessary stamp to his
testimony . “I’m Kalyaan’ s family ,” he said. “His blood. He’d never play games with my life the way you would.”
You think we’r e playing games her e? she wanted to snap. Is that it?
But he had a point. Kavik had never truly volunteered his services. In BinEr, they’d bar gained with each other from a blackmailing down to a transaction. Claiming she didn’ t know how dangerous the Jonduri mission
was made Y angchen either callous or incompetent. Both, really .
Companions throughout the eras were willing to make any sacrifice for their A vatars. But Kavik vexed her . How much could she really ask of him?
How far could she push him in the name of service and still live with herself?
There was no exit now; their fates had been twined. She wished she hadn’ t spoken to him so harshly when they’d parted ways in Bin-Er . It had
been satisfying to slap him across the face with the label of asset and deny him genuine companion-hood, but lashing out hadn’ t been worth it. A little
absolution back then might have led to an easier current state of af fairs.
Kavik giving of himself freely , like a devoted friend. Y angchen responding with grace. Instead, the two of them had gone and made things complicated.
“I think you should go to sleep first,” he said. “The people you become
… It’ s better if they have someone to talk to.”
Yangchen blinked. Right. The very small circle founded by Jetsun and the nuns of the W estern T emple had expanded to include Kavik. There
should have been some anger inside her at that, her vulnerability exposed to another outsider , but she couldn’ t find it. Kavik seemed to get a pass where
Ayunerak didn’ t. “Are you sure you don’ t want to lie down for a bit?” she asked.
His eyes darted to the bed, the only place to do so other than the floor .
“I’ll be fine.” He went over to the writing desk in the corner of the room

and seated himself in the yokeback chair before finding a pencil and paper in the drawer . “I need to do some tabulations to make sure I’m
remembering the figures correctly . You’re sure T aku uses Omashu-style rules?”
“Iwashi does. That’ s where he’ s from.”
“Perfect.” He steadfastly refused to look up from the desk. “Good night, A vatar .”
Yangchen stood there for a while longer . She didn’ t know exactly what she was waiting for , or why she needed to stare at the top of his head. So
she went to bed. Shielded by the carved enclosure, she stripped of f her outer robes, tucked herself under the covers, and closed her eyes.
The only sound in the room was the rasp of his pencil. She could tell from the glide over the paper that he had a smooth and steady hand. The
soft scratching filled her ears like comforting plugs of cotton. She would have liked to have lain there, listening to him work, but before she knew it,
she was fast asleep.
“Avatar , breakfast!” The maid’ s cheery voice pierced the morning silence.
She didn’ t wait for a response and burst into the room. “A vatar , I’ve—Oh my!”
Yangchen rose from her bed, the covers falling from her shoulders to reveal her in a state of undress. Kavik woke with a start and nearly tumbled
from the chair he’d slept in. While he was fully clothed, the fact remained that a gentleman caller had slept overnight in the young A vatar ’s quarters.
Yangchen quickly wrapped her blankets around her again in a makeshift cloak and shuf fled over to the maid, crowding her back out of the
room. The warm scent of porridge sweetened with mountain honey rose from the tray between them. “Mistress … I’m terribly sorry . What was your
name again?”
“Guaba.” The maid, who was shorter , tried to peer over Y angchen’ s shoulder without hiding it very well. What nation is he fr om? Is he
handsome?
“Mistress Guaba, I know what this looks like, but I assure you nothing untoward is going on. Master Boma, my usual guardian, was not able to

leave Bin-Er , and sent his grandson Lio in his stead to serve as my escort.
No, I mean—yes. Escort.”
Guaba nodded with what she thought was a blank expression. “Shall I
bring more food?”
“No, this is fine.”
“You’ll share then.” The glint in the maid’ s eye was sharper than the sunlight knifing through the crack in the curtains. There was only one
spoon.
Yangchen forced a smile. “Please exercise discretion. I wouldn’ t want my fellow dignitaries getting the wrong idea.” She wrested the tray out of
Guaba’ s hands, turned around, and closed the door with her back.
Kavik had collected himself by then. “Smells good,” he said. “Did she buy it?”
Gossip was universal, but for some reason servants were stuck with the bad reputation for it. “Between the people who saw us in the street and
good Mistress Guaba, you have a solid cover .” The more a story embarrassed a powerful person, the truer it appeared. “Come on. Let’ s eat.”
The maid would have been disappointed to find out nothing scandalous occurred with utensils and mouths and the combinations
therewith. Y angchen and Kavik simply took turns, passing the bowl to each other between slurps.
The symbol of T aku on the doors to the council hall remained one last barrier . Yangchen looked up at the bronze-plated floating gardenia, and
above it, the gong tower that pierced the skyline. She wasn’ t looking forward to how loud the next strike would be this close. “Are you ready?”
Kavik tucked his satchel of papers under his arm and warmed his face up with his palms, rubbing his skin back and forth. “Let’ s go.”
She pulled a rope attached to a bell, ringing it once, and the floating gardenia split down the middle. They were greeted by the harsh screech of
chairs sliding over the floor . The business-people of T aku knew their manners and stood up to receive her without being told. They’d arrayed
themselves in two wings with a long aisle down the middle.

Dozens of curious eyes landed on Y angchen and Kavik. “Now would be good,” she whispered out of the corner of her mouth. He might not have
gotten enough sleep.
“The A vatar ,” he announced, taking on Boma’ s role. “Master of the
Elements, Bridge Between Humans and Spirits.” Y angchen started forward but he wasn’ t done. “Protector of Bin-Er and Defender of T ienhaishi.
Benefactor of the T aihua Mountains, Healer of the Sick and Caretaker of the Hungry .”
He might as well have thrown in “Captain of the W estern Novice
Airball T eam” while he was at it. “Too much.”
“I’m giving you your due,” he whispered back. As if the entire assembly were in on the prank, the prominent men and women of the city
began to clap. The noise was foreign to her . Applause was for a job well done; supplicants didn’ t clap for their benefactors, and neither did
politicians for their opponents.
She was about to say as much, but Kavik cut her of f. “Y ou do good work. Shut up and bask for a moment.”
They walked down the aisle toward an elevated section of floor .
Yangchen fought the ur ge to shield her face as she passed much older men and women putting their hands together for her like she’d stunned them
with a vocal performance. Somewhere around the halfway point, she realized the other strange component here was that these people weren’ t
hiding knives in their glances. The shangs of T aku were no more or less greedy than their counterparts in Bin-Er , but at least they weren’ t trying to
stab her under the table. As far as she knew .
Kavik kept making small circles with his arms as if he were physically scooping the praise atop her . Isn’t she something, folks? Her embarrassment
was sweeter than their breakfast honey to him, judging by the grin smeared across his face. “Y ou’re going to pay for this,” she muttered.
“Sure, right after you—”
The retort died on his lips. Kavik’ s face sifted into a dignified frown.
They’d reached the end of the hall. On the elevated section, there was a long table with four settings of prominence. Three of them were already
filled.
Kindly old Zongdu Ashoona of Port T uugaq raised his hand in greeting. Having recently recovered from a lingering illness, he was

bundled in furs despite the heat and smelled faintly of medicine plasters. In the middle was Zongdu Iwashi, resplendent in the Kolau silks of his home
city, his shiny head looking like an egg in a nest too small to hold it.
And at the far end stood Zongdu Chaisee.
The woman who ran Jonduri returned Y angchen’ s gaze with a relaxed,
easy blankness. She was reminded of the ascetic practice where gurus crossed their legs and faced a wall for hours, days on end to contemplate the
nature of emptiness. In Chaisee’ s case, the wall might have blinked first.
“Welcome, A vatar!” Iwashi said. “Or should I call you zongdu?
You’ve represented Bin-Er quite magnificently these past months, or so my spies tell me.”
His language didn’ t rattle Y angchen; everything was a jest to this man.
Until it wasn’ t. “I hope by the end of this convocation you will call me friend.”
“Oh, how well put! I don’ t think it will take that long.” Iwashi turned his attention to Kavik. “Who is this fine young fellow?”
Next to her , she could sense Kavik’ s tension as if it were her own muscles screaming. The air around him practically vibrated. Overtly , the
nervousness of a new companion unused to the grandeur of world business.
But Y angchen knew the true cause of his anxiety even if Kavik would rather die than admit it. Deep down, he wasn’ t as sure of his brother ’s
loyalty as he’d professed.
Definitely too late now . “This is Master Lio, grandson of my usual guardian, Boma.” Y angchen made sure not to favor any of the zongdus with
her eye contact. “He will be serving me on this trip.”
The twitch of Iwashi’ s lips, a squashed smirk, revealed he’d already heard the rumors from Guaba or some other busybody from the street last
night. A minor victory . The more important ruse was the frequent letters she had Boma send over the years to nonexistent relatives in each nation and
most major cities. She’d counted on some of them being intercepted by official border censors and enemies the likes of Chaisee, and now , thanks to
Boma’ s prodigious and cosmopolitan fake family , she had a wealth of covers for any agents she needed directly by her side.
Chaisee tilted her head backward at a small group of men and women sitting behind the table, of f to the side. They wore much plainer dress and
clutched reams of documents like Kavik. “He can join the other attendants.”

She made no sign of recognition and if anything, sounded impatient to start business.
Kavik visibly relaxed. Y angchen’ s practice of littering misinformation into the sea had finally paid of f. You also got his friend Qiu killed the same
way, you fool . She took the chair once meant for Zongdu Henshe, another man who shouldn’ t have fallen under her watch.
She had to play this well, or else so much would count for naught.
Yangchen settled in. “Shall we commence?”
“How have you not murdered someone in broad daylight at one of these meetings yet?” Kavik whispered in her ear .
He’d mimicked the other clerks and secretaries who’d stepped forward and delivered pieces of information to their seated masters when called
upon. Bent at the waist and lips screened from the audience by a cupped palm. “Just like … ‘Bam! Rock to the head.’ There’ s your point of order for
you.”
Yangchen snorted, turned her head to the side, and made her own tunnel with her hands. “Power of imagination.”
A lot of work for a simple reply . Every aside between a zongdu and their support staf f had to be masked, every challenged claim backed up by
but listen to people complain about things we already know ,” Kavik said.
“Is of ficial A vatar business always this terrible?”
It had actually been worse before Szeto, who’d codified procedures that became widely emulated across the Four Nations. “This is how the
meat gets butchered,” Y angchen said. “Bettering lives requires good decisions, not cheering contests. Any progress on your end?”
Kavik glanced back at the pool of assistants. A dozen eyes immediately turned away like a school of fish changing direction. “I’ve
been ‘caught’ with my waitbook at least twice. It’ s not like I have to pretend being bored.”
The setup was in motion. Most of the zongdus’ staf f members were accustomed to pulling double duty as watchers. The A vatar might have
done the same had she not brought her “special friend” to a real meeting

with real stakes instead of a professional. Foolish, but what could you expect of a child?
Aside from Y angchen, Chaisee had the fewest clerks. One man and one woman, who seemed to share their mistress’ s patience and discipline.
They sat lance-straight with their hands on their knees. While the other attendants occasionally gossiped with members of a dif ferent entourage,
these two spoke to no one idly , not even each other .
And strangely , whenever Chaisee motioned one of them over , their faces shifted like sliding puzzles into rigid smiles wide and tall enough to
wrinkle their cheeks. Y angchen recognized the man from her first visit to
Jonduri from the scar over his eyebrow , but upon Chaisee’ s summons, he transformed into a dif ferent person, vacuous and giddy . Once his task was
completed, he sat back down, and any traces of emotion vanished.
Chaisee must have coached them to show exaggerated emotions or none at all. A useful technique in front of so many people. Fluctuating
between extremes gave nothing meaningful away .
“I don’ t want to reach the end of today’ s itinerary wondering if we’ve snagged him,” Y angchen whispered to Kavik. “Drive it home. Aggressively .
But make it look natural.”
“How exactly?”
“I don’ t know . Show some initiative.”
Kavik frowned. “Aggressive and natural-looking are completely opposite cues.”
“No, they’re not.” She demonstrated with a quick, gentle puf f of air in his ear . No bending. Just her lips.
Kavik turned so red he could have lit the hall in the dark. He clambered back to his chair and nearly stubbed his toe on the small step in
between.
Everyone noticed. He noticed everyone noticing. He tried to hide by tucking his face into his papers, but his ears glowed like coals over the
pages. Y angchen grinned openly , more icing on the ruse of their “special friendship.”
Was she being a bully? Perhaps. But she’d never told Kavik taking him back was going to be completely free of punishment.