Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 14)

That was it. Kavik found his limit. He broke. The act of breaking hurt,
physically . A deep, shuddering sob ripped through his chest.
He tried to laugh but only succeeded in making a dry, hollow noise, like a ladle scraping the sides of an empty barrel. It was the sound of
capitulation. W eakness.
“Just tell me what story to give her ,” Kavik said.
As soon as Kavik re-entered the inn, he knew his brother ’s ruse was going to work.
It was the way Yangchen’ s eyes lit up when she saw him. The Avatar was simply glad her friend was back, safe and sound. She refused to debrief
him until he settled down and got comfortable, bade Akuudan and Tayagum to get him something to drink.
“We were wrong about the warehouse,” Kavik said, a steaming cup of tea in his hands . He was wrap ped in a blanket despite the Jonduri heat;
Yangchen had noticed he was shivering and draped one over his shoulders herself. “Unanimity’ s not there yet.”
He started with the truth. The battle in the warehouse. His last stand with Jujinta, whom he took an aside to describe. The fires set by the
workers and how, lacking any other options in the moment, he’d bruteforced the crates open.
It was a great story because it was real. At the time, he’d been acting fully in the Avatar ’s interests. His audience understood very well the risk
he’d taken on behalf of the mission.
“Reckless little twerp,” Tayagum muttered. But his smirk held a hint of respect.
There could be no better buildup for what Kavik was about to say next.
“They made me catalog the damage. So I got a perfect view of all the goods and the logbook. There’ s nothing suspicious inside the warehouse right
now. But there is a shipment scheduled to arriv e in Jonduri from Port
Tuugaq with three slots in the storage queues reserved so they can be transferred quickly from Jonduri to Bin-Er .”
The information sunk in quickly . Yangchen snapped her fingers.
“Chaisee didn’ t care about the goods inside the warehouse. She only wanted the space cleared.”

A lie that rested on an intelligen t victim piecing the falsehood together themselves was the most perfect form of the art. Each word that fell out of
Kavik’ s mouth tipped the scales toward his brother ’s victory . “We weren’ t too late in Jonduri,” he said. “We were too early . Unanimity is coming here
from Port T uugaq.”
“Do you know what ship it’ s on?” Akuudan asked.
Kavik gulped his tea to fight back his nausea. “The Sunbeam . Threemasted junk. I don’ t know if it’ s departed yet.”
He stopped there. He had a scrap of paper in his pocket that backed up his story. The idea was to claim he’d taken a blank sheet and pressed it
against the charcoal markings in the log-book, lifting the “proof” directly from the page.
“It’s funny; going after this information was a smart move on the
Avatar ’s part,” Kalyaan had said as they were rehearsing the story . “You were so close to getting it right with the logbook contents. So close.”
Kavik knew with absolute certainty the extra layer to the ruse, the hard evidence, wasn’ t going to be necessary . “I have to get to Port Tuugaq,”
Yangchen said, even quicker than he thought she would.
The Avatar’s trust impaled him through his heart. She couldn’ t show him the mercy of second-guessing his memory , making him repeat events
for clarity. His word was all she needed. “I have to leave as soon as possible,” she said. “Now . If the Sunbeam is due to arrive soon, then I can
intercept it in open water by following the shipping lanes in reverse. If I
catch it before it leaves harbor , even better .”
“That could be a short flight or a very long one,” Akuudan said. “What are you going to do once you find the Sunbeam ?”
“I’ll think of something,” Yangchen said. “Spiritual intervention. Plague check. The only thing that matters is stopping it.”
The Avatar’s happiness hurt to look at. She’d discovered she was in a better position than she’d originally thought. Who wouldn’ t be pleased to
have more time?
She looked at the others. “You two,” she said to Akuudan and Tayagum.
“I need you to keep an ear out for the warehouse workers in case Chaisee tries to retaliate against them. Kavik, stay under your cover with the
association. If the shipment slips past me, you’re our last shot at keeping it out of the hands of the zongdus.”

“You can’t go to Port Tuugaq alone,” Kavik said. “You won’ t have anyone to watch your back.”
The words slipp ed out without guile. He’d simply lapsed on which goal he was working toward, was caught between two minds. “It’ll be fine,”
Yangchen reassu red him. “Our enemies lack compunction, but I don’t think they’ve worked their way up to murdering the A vatar yet.”
She bounded over to Kavik and gave him a crushing hug. “I knew I was right about you,” she whispere d in his ear, fondness radiating from her
embrace.
Yangchen had already been putting on plain clothes every time she visited the inn after the first visit. When she donned her palm leaf hat, her
posture and gait turned into that of the most common form of wildlife in
Jonduri—the oblivious late-nig ht reveler . She went out the door and vanished into the darkness.
At Kalyaan’ s orders, Kavik spent the next two days at the association safe house instead of the inn. He told Tayagum and Akuudan sleeping there
would help protect his cover .
Really , they were being split up so they could be watched separately .
“The association will know if you’ve warned your friends,” Kalyaan had told him. “Don’ t tell them anything. For their own safety .”
Kavik took his advice and said nothing to the men who had risked themselves to shelter and feed him. Told them nothing about the danger
they were in.
At the association hall there was little work to be found, so the place was mostly empty. He had no one left to talk to but Jujinta. Another
dislodged person with nowhe re else to go in the city. After some conversation, Kavik came to a fresher understanding of his partn er’s intense
spiritual concerns, even if Jujinta refused to explain where he came from,
the exact terms of his brother ’s death, or how he was responsible.
“There are crimes one cannot live down,” Jujinta said over a
Sparrowbones table, where the two of them pushed tiles around into winning pattern s, unable to play for real without more memb ers of their
group. “Certain acts cannot be for given.”
“Not even by the right person?”

Jujinta seemed determined to remain unworthy . “The person who could have granted me forgiveness is gone,” he said. “I ask the spirits every day
and receive no answer . I don’ t know who else I could turn to for guidance.”
It wasn’ t Kavik , that much was certain. He had his own betrayal to finish carrying out. The next day, at Kalyaan’ s orders, he left Jujinta behind,
left both safe houses behind, and got on a ship bound for Bin-E r, alongside the very boxes containing Unanimity .
OceanofPDF .com

DREAMS WITHIN DREAMS
Yangchen had to be careful along the journey . Southern storms could roll in quickly from the horizon, and when dark weather caught you in the air, it
chewed you up and swallowed you into the sea.
It was times like these where Yangchen’ s difficulties with sleep had an upside. She dozed a little when she could. She trusted Nujian to grumble if
he spotted signs of people in the water below , and when he needed to rest,
she kept watch while he floated in place. They ate sparingly from the same rations of dried vegetables and drank from clouds she cond ensed with
bending, but she knew her companion was burning his fat reserves without the chance to forage on land.
When they passed through the invisible wall of a cold front, and the mists crawling over the waves sent a shiver up her spine, a part of Y angchen
wished she had listened to Kavik and not come alone.
Jetsun’ s previou s visits to the Spirit World had prepared her well to guide
Yangchen through her first. The older nun stepped sure-footed across a brook of flowing crystal. Y angchen just had to walk where she walked.
“The Spirit World is different things to different people at different times,” Jetsun said. “But it’s safe as long as you keep respect in your heart.
The more you can ask, listen, and give thanks to your surround ings before your impact is felt, the better . Even holding the intention in your mind is
good.”
Yangchen looked down at the odd cross between earth and water swirling around their ankles, liquid jewels cool to the touch. “Can we bend
here?”
“No. That’ s because our bodies are back in the physical world; the abbess and Tsering are looking after them. If we feel the need, we can
remember where we are, think about waking up, and we will.”

Jetsun did not slip the word “simply” into her explanation. She knew
Yangchen had problems with waking up, bringing herself to the right moment in time and space. Yangchen glanced down at her hands, the ones
that could open or close. They looked like her flesh and blood, down to the calluses. If all of her senses were telling her that her body was here, amid
these shining, swirling colors, she would have to defy her own mind to escape.
The thought made her a bit nervous, and the waters around her flickered, threatened to change, but she saw Jetsun standing on the other
bank of the brook and knew nothing would go wrong as long as they were together . Yangc hen gathered her robes and stepped onto firmer ground.
Neither of them realized the warning that Jetsun had spoken aloud.
Differ ent things to differ ent people.
Oblivious, they walked toward a lonesome forest, the edges visible over the flat land like a cake sitting on a table. Maybe that was the mistake. Air
Nomads didn’ t fear the woods in their bones. Airbenders peered down at the tree lines below them from the tops of their mountains, and no beast
with claws or fangs really had the ability to climb a peak.
They’d gone only a little way when Yangchen heard a deep huff. The expulsion of air from a powerfu l set of lungs, bigger than a human’ s. She’d
grown up aroun d the bellowing of sky bison, but this wasn’ t the sleepy grumble of a herbivore. This was a swift clearing of the nostrils, to better
taste the air for prey .
Yangchen’ s breath clouded in frost, even though it had been perfectly warm seconds ago. As if the trees were not far away , and were only pieces
of dressing for a stage, a creatu re stepped out from behind them. It looked like a tiger-dillo, clothed in blue. Either it wore a pointed hat on its head, or
it posses sed a horn that looked exactly like one. Painted red lips curled back to revea l rows of jagged white fangs, curving in random direc tions, more
hedge thorns than teeth.
A secon d spirit, and a third appeared. “Shishi,” Jetsun said, gazing at them. “They look intimidating but they’re playful.” When she didn’ t get a
response, she turned around.
The A vatar had frozen in place.
“What’ s wrong?” Jetsun asked. “You’re not afraid of beasts. You had the Southern Chieftain’ s polar bear–dog eating out of your hand when you

were eight.”
True. Yangchen was not afraid of animals. Animals loved her and she loved them back. But Yangchen wasn’ t the person whose terro r the shishi
were smelling.
The nuns of the Western Temple had erred. Dagmola, Tsering, Jetsun,
and even Yangchen herself. They all believed a visit to the Spirit World could help her establish a solid identity , bolster her young mind against the
ancient anguish. An extra tether she could rely on when the ghosts of the
Four Nations became too strong.
But they’d never considered an overwhelming memory occurring inside the Spirit World, brought on by a previous Avatar ’s fear of the realm
beyond the physical. The shishi licked their slavering lips. Their eyes,
which at first had seemed mere daubs on a flat scroll, gained depth and focus. Their faces wrinkled with humanlike, malevolent contours.
“Yangchen,” Jetsun said calmly , firmly . “You don’t have to stay. You can wake up.”
She tasted flowing blood. She’d bitten a chunk out of the inside of her cheek. Her knees locked up. The pack of spirits fanned out into a hunting
formation.
Jetsun grabbed the A vatar , tossed her over her shoulder , and ran.
Because Jetsun was holding her charge so close, she was unable to see the child Yangchen had become. Yangchen’ s sleeves had turned an undyed
color . Her hands had shrunk to a younger , smaller size and she cried out in an unfam iliar pattern. Aam, aam. Not ma or mama or am-ma. The spirits
were black flames licking along the grass, chasing them, closing in.
The growling and panting grew louder . Was there ever such an oftrepeated story? A woman racing for safety , holding a child, chased by predators. “Wake up,” Jetsun murmured into her ear. Yangchen didn’ t know
how she had breath to flee and speak at the same time. “I won’ t leave you here. W ake up for me first, and then I’ll be right behind you.”
They came to a halt. The brook had turned into a river, raging, churning.
Deliverance might have lain on the other side, but the beaded jewels had been replaced by a syrupy dark tar that hissed when it spattered along the
bank.
They would never make it across. Jetsun decided on something.
Yangchen could feel her determination pass through their chests, two bodies

skewered by the same spear .
In one swift motion, Jetsun ripped her orange shawl from her shoulders and bundled it over Yangchen’ s head. She didn’ t want the Avatar to see her
fate. She took Yangchen under the arms and shoved her as hard as she could into the air . “WAKE UP!” Jetsun screamed.
Yangchen fell and fell but never landed. Not on the riverbank or in the bilious flow. She opened her eyes, back in her own skin. She saw Abbess
Dagmola cradling Jetsun’ s slum ped-over body , trying to rouse her. Tsering stared at Yangchen like a musician who’d left the last note of the piece
unplayed.
Yangchen would forever remember the moment as the first time she was asked a question beyond her years, begged for an answer she couldn’ t
provide. “A vatar ,” Tsering whispered. “What—What happened?”
OceanofPDF .com

BASIC TRADECRAFT
A body empty of its spirit couldn’ t survive long, not even with the best healing.
Wake up, she’d sobbed at Jetsun’ s bedside. Wake up. Please. I’m sorry I
was afraid. I’m sorry .
When it was over, they’d honored her sister as a temple elder and companion of the Avatar who’ d laid down her life to protect the bridge
between humans and spirits. Future Avatars might look at the name Jetsun with awe and respect. Or they’d close the book they’d found it in and go
back to their lives.
Yangchen some times felt like she still hadn’ t touched down in the physical world after being throw n into the air by her sister , that she’d been
subjected to a twisted versio n of Guru Laghima’ s famous feat of weightlessness, cursed to never have a stable footing again. After she’d
recovered from the ordeal of Jetsun’ s funeral, she’d spent two weeks in the library’ s history wing to understand which of her past lives had been so
averse to one side of the bridge—with the goal of what, lambasting the dead for cowardice?—and found nothing.
When she was finally able to get back to the Spirit World, there were no shishi. The location she’d meditated to with Jetsun was neither her entry
point nor a place she could find, and she walked many a maddeningly similar dream landscape in search of beastly spirits. No success. She never
had the chance to definitively prove that it hadn’ t been her fault, that
Yangchen could stand up to the exact same creature her past life could not.
The vision the phoenix-eels had shown her, the view purportedly from
Jetsun’ s eyes—a double impossibility . That howling mist. Yangchen had personally never heard of such a place, and if its secrets lay buried deeper in
a musty archive or reincarnated memory , then a painful search lay ahead.
Was it possible for a human being’ s spirit to survive onward, long after the body had perished? There were stories, tales of gurus who had departed

from their physical forms peacefully , but of course no firsthand testimonies.
Finding the answer would require more time and strength than she could spare right now .
The easiest thing would be to assume the vision was a trick. A lie.
Because if it wasn’ t, then her sister had been trapped, still was trapped, in a place of never -ending torment.
She would find Jetsun if there was a Jetsun to be found, she vowed.
She didn’t sleep the rest of the way to Port Tuugaq. She was running out of route and she still hadn’ t spotted the ship she was looking for .
The only vessels Yangchen had seen going the opposite way were smaller boats that would be subject to the snarls of docking long enough
where she was able to make peace with letting them pass. She would likely have to reveal herself to confront the shipment, and she had to make sure
she didn’ t waste the chance checking out lesser possibilities.
Eventually the clouds parted to reveal Port Tuugaq, the southernmost shang city. The Shimsom Islands had always been home to trading posts
and temporary fairs nestled along its rivers, but the Platinum Affair had forced the locals to choose a permanent victor . Big Island’ s deepest harbor
won, and a town was quickly raised from logs and stone.
Southern Water Tribe traders avoided the trap of “clearance” by staying away from the newly declared city limits and using small numbers of gobetweens to handle the movem ent of valuable ivory , hides, and nighimperishable dried cod-flounder . They came and left the lands around Port
Tuugaq as they pleased, which meant the city was neither as big as Bin-Er nor as unhappy . Its zongdu, Ashoona, was in Agna Qel’a for a
constitutional that had lasted the better part of a year, and Yangchen had decided he was unlikely to be a player in the current game. If she ran into
trouble here, it would be from the agents of Chaisee and Henshe.
Using the cover of a cloud, Yangchen circled Nujian in the air at a distance from the unimaginative blocks of Port Tuugaq, which were scored
into the gravel coast like a baker would divide flour . Her bison’ s path wobbled. Nujian was weakening and needed to forage after the hard
journey . She had already given him her remaining rations to keep him airborne up to this point, and she herself felt like a reed drawn through the
fingers until the sides touched.

She couldn’ t stay here in the air indefinitely to wait for a ship matching the Sunbeam ’s description to leave. She would approach the docks from
inside the city itself, she decided. She just had to figure out an entry strategy .
Port Tuugaq, due to its smaller size, had a stockade wall around it. One end opened to the water , and the other bulged around a massiv e lumberyard
containing stacks of logs as big as houses. She had few options for getting inside, none of them good. She could be spotted by moonlight as easily as
the sun, caught approaching from the water just as well as land. The guard stations had excellent fields of view over the lands surrounding the city .
She had the urge to simply leap off Nujian’ s back, to catch herself with nothing but wind like she’d done so many times on the airball court, and
land in the middle of the city. It was a foolish notion, would blow her cover ,
but she could taste the hours, the minutes she might save, more than the food her body was crying out for. No, she reminded herself. You’re so close.
You’re so close. Play this smart. Play this right.
Despite the very act being painful, she turned Nujian around to land farther away from the city .
Yangchen crouc hed behind the reverse slope of a small hill, out of sight from the guard stations posted along the lumberyard end of Port T uugaq.
She chopped sideways with the edge of her hand, earth-bending the frozen ground loose along the breadth of the open field—but not moving it.
Not yet. Dust and soil moving on its own was a sure sign of bending at work.
But dust on the wind? Just the weather . Once Yangchen had enough earth prepared, she began drawing air to her .
The breeze blow ing against the city turned into a gale. The dirt became flying grit. Handily , there were thick trails of wooden splinte rs and bark
shavings outside the walls, adding to the mix of debris.
Yangchen saw the guards in their stations turn their heads away, shield their faces, pull their hoods tighter . As generous a gift as she would get.
Yangchen crested the hill and applied more wind to her back.
She ran, barely touching the ground, her feet acting only as nudges to keep her stable. She crossed the distance to the wall in the blink of an eye

and sped through the lumberyard gate.
Yangchen didn’ t stop running until she reached the cover of a massive log pile. She skidded to a halt, gouging small trenches into the ground with
her heels, and checked behind her to see if she’d been made.
The pair guards above the gate rubbed their faces and swore at the sky.
One of them cursed the spirits, and the other laughed. Yangchen stared at them for a moment before pulling her hood over her head and skulking
away .
Port Tuugaq was built out of unsanded Yesso timbers still bleeding sap.
Houses were double-walled with sod for insulation. The streets were paved with little splinters of bark, trampled down by countless footsteps.
From the safety of a corner , Yangchen peered into a large avenue,
presumably one of the arteries that fed the international secto r. The odd clerk scurried from house to house, their shoulders hunched against the
wind, but there weren’ t as many people about as she’d expected.
She needed to get to a spot where she could see the docks. And ideally rest. Eat. The technique of air-assisted speed used up so much energy. If she
acknowledged that she was on the verge of collapse after her journey , she would surely teeter over the edge.
Her clothes, the same heavy quilted coat and skirt she’d worn in Bin-Er ,
blended in well enough. Keeping her chin tucked, she walke d down the main street toward the water . After a minute she snapped her fingers in the
air, miming the act of forgetting something impo rtant. She glanced over her shoulder , wonde ring if she should go back for it, then waved the idea away
and continued walking.
Yangchen turned at the next corner and pressed her back to the wall,
staying in the angle of a shadow. One person strolled by, oblivious to anything but the shallot flatbrea d he was eating, and Yangchen nearly lost
count at one, so distracted was she by the smell. Then a second person passed, and a third. The third person, a woman carrying a bale of empty
burlap sacks, noticed Yangchen loitering for no reason and gave her a strange look. But that was of no concern.
The fourth person she’d seen behind her walking in the same direction never materializ ed, even though there were no doors he could have

plausibly gone into on her side of the street. Which meant he’d paused after losing sight of her . He was hanging back a safe distance.
I’ve got a tail, Yangchen thought.
Based on the quick glimpse she had when she’d “forgotten something,”
combined with the process of elimination, it was the short man with the patch on his parka. Normally she would have been thrilled. Tails were for
people who were on the right track.
Yangchen went to the other end of the block and kept heading in the same direction along the parallel avenue. If Patch showed up again then she
could be sure he was following her. But to do so would be clum sy of him,
and she expected better .
There was a group on the opposite side of the street, huddled around an outdoor fire and a steaming cauldron of hot fermented rice drink. She
passed the gathe ring as closely as she could, enough to scrape coats, which caught them by surprise. Sure enough, she immediately overheard two of
the men telling their friends goodbye. In their haste they burned their tongues on their final sips and said the names of the people they wanted to
give their regards to a little too loud.
So. A pair behind her and one roaming. She’d been marked as suspicious for sure, by men who were likely in Chaisee’ s or Henshe’ s
pocket. But did they know who she really was? There was no plausible reason for them to guess she was the Avatar . Regardless, her plans had
fallen apart. Any hope of recovery was going to require some quick sur gery.
She detoured again, her pattern now a zigzag no reasonable person would take. She caught sight of Patch again, in front of her this time. Well,
that’s just sloppy .
Yangchen stalke d toward him, expecting the man to slide out of her way in the hope she hadn’ t made him yet. But he stood his ground. She frowned
under her hood and slowed at an intersection to get her bearing s. Only one of the drinks stand patrons was behind her, to the south. The other had
swung around to close of f the street to the west.
She wasn’ t being tailed. She was being herded.
Flee east. They wanted her to move east; they probably had a trap waiting. Flee over the rooftops. Making her escape with airbending would
have been trivial. It would also tip them off that an Air Noma d willing to put on a disguise and sneak around their employer ’s secret project was here.

She would have to pick one element, not air, and stick with it. Water?
None at hand. Fire? It was getting darker fast, and she didn’ t want to draw more attention. Or even worse, light up her face. It would have to be earth.
She must have given away a tell when she decided, glanced down at the ground without realizing it, because Patch did too, lowering his eyes. He
was an Earthbender , and now he assumed she was one as well. He would wait and listen as they approa ched, probably attempt to counteract any
moves she made using the earth between them while his partners attacked from the left and right.
Pack tactics. A glint of metal in one of their hands. The three men closed in. The nearest house was dark, no one inside who might come if she
yelled.
The urge to run filled her body; Yangchen’ s breath turned to mist in the dropping temper ature. Maybe the reason she hadn’ t been able to find shishi
during her meditations into the Spirit World beyond the first was because she’d crossed over with selfishness in her heart, failing at Jetsun’ s challenge
to only exist, and not seek. She’d wanted to prove she was braver than her past lives, and the Spirit World, knowing, had forever denied her that
opportunity .
The physical world, however , was content to give her plenty of chances to face her fears.
She stamped hard upon the ground, letting her head drift down and to the left. The Earthbender ’s gaze followed, thinking the attack would come
from that section of the street. But the glance was a fake. Yangchen had sought out dif ferent earth.
She chambered her fists and clumps of sod burst out of a bad seal in the log walls belonging to the house behind the three men. Patch and the fellow
to his right took the soft but weighty masses of earth and grass to the backs of their heads and were out like candles. The third man, howev er, managed
to twist at the last second, catching the sod in the ribs. He fell to his hands and knees, his knife clattering away , and looked up just in time to catch
Yangchen’ s hood falling of f her head from an errant flying pebble.
For a moment they were both very still. Recognition dawned on the man’ s face, and then sheer confusion took over. If he didn’ t know she was
the Avatar before, he certainly knew now. It occurred to Yangchen that they

were arranged like a painting, the bridge between spirits and humans receiving a prostrating supplicant.
She used the man’ s hesitation to air spout him up, and then drive him back to the ground hard, knocking him unconscious.
Yangchen looke d around at the aftermath of the victory and bit the heel of her hand. Captives. She had captives now. Including one who knew she
was the Avatar . Letting them go wasn’ t an option, but any hidden prison she could bend, under ground or in the ice outside the city, would more than
likely kill them. They had to be brought inside somewhere, quickly .
She stared at her limp, downed foes as if they might offer up a solution.
She herself could think of only one. And she really , really didn’ t want to use it.
While most of Port Tuugaq had been constructed after the Platinum Affair,
it had been the site of Water Tribe trade fairs going back into the ancient past. There were a few great qarmat of turf and stone in the city that had
been carefully maintained over the centuries, and they remained important centers to those who knew their significance.
Yangchen knocked on the door of one such lodge. The door opened slightly ajar. Inside, flickering lamps cast warmth and light. A Water
Tribesman in his thirties peered at her through the crack.
“I’m looking for a game,” she said.
At this distance it was impossible for him not to see her face and tattoos.
His eyes widene d and he tried to shut the door. Yangchen flicked her foot and earthbent a rock into the hinge, preventing him from locking her out. “I
said I want a game. Y ou’re not going to humor me and get the board?”
“I’m pretty sure you’re not a member ,” he said.
Not the answer she wanted. “I see you favor the White Lotus Gambit.
Not many still cling to the ancient ways,” Yangchen said, lowering her voice half in mimicry , half in mockery of this man who was trying to bar
the garden gate to she who had eaten the fruit and tasted its mysteries.
“Those who do can always find a friend,” she replied to herself normally .
The man pulled on the handle with more force, to no avail. Yangchen would continue having both sides of this conversation if need be. “Jasmine
one-seven,” she said. “Rose two-six, White Lily three-six, Chrysanthemum