Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 13)

contains all of the warehouse information I just mentioned: ship names,

handler names, cargo contents, provenance, weights, buyer names,

destinations. With that level of information in our possession, we’ll be able

to identify Unanimity and intercept it in transit. Without the book, we won’t

have any way to tell what’s inside those crates, barring a guided tour from

Chaisee herself.”

“I wish we had some clue, any clue, to help us narrow the possibilities

down,” Kavik grumbled. Unanimity remained a frustrating blank, a

complete void in their knowledge.

Yangchen looked like she’d been saving her retort since dinner with his

parents. “It’ s nice to want things,” she said, batting her eyelashes at him,

fanning pure sarcasm in his direction.

He deserved that.

“You’ll want to move fast,” Tayagum added. “If a fight breaks out,

everyone’s going to be trying to secure that logbook. Since the goods can’t

move without the records, whoever’s holding them at the end of the night

will have all the negotiating power.”

Yangchen pressed a small wooden cylinder with a lanyard into Kavik’s

hand. “To keep you safe.”

“Is this a spiritual token?” Kavik asked as he looped it around his neck.

“It’s a bison whistle,” Yangchen said. “Keyed to Nujian. Blow on it if

you get into trouble and he’ll hear it; the range should be effective for most

of the island. He and I will come to your exact location.”

“But if I do that, it’s mission over,” Kavik said. “Not just for the raid

tonight, but the whole thing. Jonduri. Unanimity.” The Avatar flying in to

rescue him on her bison would be the most spectacular way to blow his

cover in the world, but it would still be blown cover.

“I’m not sending you in without an extraction plan. What did I tell you

about losing friends?”

Right. But as touched as he was, his safety wasn’t the issue. “I know I

have to do this,” he said. “But it still feels wrong. I’d be going in there to

scrap with a work crew. We’re talking about ordinary folks who just want a

better deal. These are—”

“These are the exact people I should be helping,” Yangchen said

bitterly. “I know. And I can’t. If I make contact with them, Chaisee will

suspect we’re circling around that warehouse, and she’ll take extra

precautions. And I’m also supposed to be reeling from having my two

‘spies’ taken away from me. For this double beat to work, Chaisee has to

believe the Avatar’s been beaten.”

This was costing her, Kavik thought as she hung her head over the

planning table they’d set up in the inn. When they’d first met, he thought

she rather enjoyed deception. But now that he knew her better, he could see

the daylight widening through her seams.

“Jujinta’s probably going to love this mission,” Kavik muttered.

“Yes. Tell us more about this partner of yours,” Yangchen said.

Kavik explained everything he’d observed about the knife thrower,

including his obsessive spirituality. In the association safe house, he’d seen

Jujinta whisper to himself or kneel in a corner so many times that Kavik

was able to draw for Yangchen a passable recreation of the symbol he

worshipped.

“Interesting,” she said. “Do you think the boy is going to be trouble?”

Kavik remembered Shigoro rolling around the floor, bleeding from his

arm. He vaguely remembered Jujinta guiding him through the body disposal

process. It was too late to do anything about his partner now but cope.

“Nothing I can’t handle,” Kavik said.

“What’s the count inside?” Jujinta asked as they crossed the street.

“Should be five right now, give or take,” said their leader, a gaunt Earth

Kingdom transplant named Pang who was missing his bottom front teeth,

knocked out in some long-ago fight. “They’ve had people coming in and

out over the course of the past couple days. Tael said they won’t be at full

strength tonight.”

The association had nine people in their group, including Jujinta and

Kavik. Two to one. Kavik did not like how a sense of satisfaction

threatened to creep up his spine, being a member of a large pack about to

overpower a smaller one. At least the stacked odds meant the association

wouldn’t need Kavik to subdue the people inside. He could split off from

the group and search for the logbook.

They came to the warehouse front. Pang raised his foot and kicked open

the workers’ entrance, snapping the latch. He ducked inside, the rest of

them following close behind. Kavik briefly wondered why the door hadn’t

been barricaded, but if the workers had to leave in shifts for food and rest, it

made sense that they wouldn’t block their own passage.

The bigger question was why there were no guards posted. The interior

lamps, placed high along the walls at regular intervals to shorten the

shadows, had all been lit. Stacks of wooden crates, some of them so large

they could only have been dragged with winches, formed towers reaching

twice as tall as a person, the smallest boxes neatly placed edge to edge on

top, creating sheer faces down the sides. A moat of empty space surrounded

each little castle.

He craned his head to the ceiling almost involuntarily, the way Tael had

smugly observed. There was water above him, rainwater contained in a

giant thin-walled metal tank. At first, he thought it would surely be too foul

to drink, but then realized it was probably meant to be used for putting out

fires inside the warehouse. With so much of his element nearby he felt a

little bit like a sap for bringing his own.

The workers were nowhere to be seen. Pang made a sucking noise

through the gap in his teeth. “They must have got spooked and hid between

the crates. Gonna be a blasted kid’s game, chasing them around an

orchard.”

“Nah, Sifu,” came a voice from the other end of the building. “We’re

right here. And I think we’ll do the chasing.” A man stepped out from

behind the boxes. And then another. And another. The line of workers kept

growing.

“Their group is, uh, bigger than ours,” Kavik said.

Not only did they have more people, but each member of the warehouse

crew was huge, nearly the size of Akuudan, with thick necks and knotted

forearms. Ah, right, Kavik thought. These guys lifted heavy cargo for a

living.

One of the association members angrily jostled Pang in the elbow. “You

said there were five!”

“Tael said there were five!”

“This is five fives!”

Indeed. Two dozen very large, very angry workers stood across from

them. A better example of why one needed to pay up for a good errand

runner could not have been devised. Intelligence mattered. In all his Bin-Er

jobs, Kavik had taken care to get his numbers right.

The warehouse crew, many of whom bore a family resemblance to each

other, stepped forward and bellowed, sticking out their tongues and

showing the whites of their eyes.

“We’re not leaving,” Pang said to his own men. “You want to explain to

the boss-boss that you turned tail and ran, go ahead, but if you think for one

second that—Hey!”

There was no one standing behind him. Two of the association members

were already trying the door, but it had been closed and barred again, this

time from the outside. Kavik slipped out of the way between the nearest

crates, giving him a perfect framed view of Pang getting absolutely

demolished by a running shoulder tackle from a man twice his weight.

He zigzagged through the alleys of the warehouse, trying to get to the

back. Both to see if there was another exit and to get closer to the area

where the logbook would be stored. If the office had interior locks, he

wasn’t above bolting himself inside to wait out the worker’s ire.

A bright flash lit up the rafters, and he heard the telltale foom of air split

by flame. Firebending had broken out; he wasn’t sure by which side.

Distracted by the noise and light, he nearly ran into the waiting arms of the

man blocking his path.

“Where you going, Sifu?” said the hulking worker.

The other way. But when Kavik turned to look, he saw another man had

stepped into the lane behind him.

“You carrying drinks for the party?” said the second guy, motioning at

the vessel Kavik was still clinging onto. “Cause I’m already thirsty.”

Both of the workers laughed, but the first one cut his chuckle short

when he realized why someone would be awkwardly hauling a container of

liquid around. “Wait.”

Kavik flung the entire jug without emptying it at the guy in front of him.

A whirl of his arms accelerated the water inside, and the heavy missile

slammed into his target’s gut hard enough to shatter the clay. The man

gasped and collapsed to the ground, clutching his stomach.

Sorry. With a pull to match the push, Kavik yanked on the water,

leaving the clay shards behind—because again, he wasn’t a monster—and

whipped a speeding blob back the other way.

The second guy hunched over and held his forearms crossed in front of

his face, hoping his toughness and bulk would protect him. But brawlers

went high. Wrestlers went low. Kavik lowered the angle of his flying water

and knocked the man’s feet out from under him. The poor worker took a

hard landing on the hard floor and didn’t get up, only groaned and reached

for a helping hand that wasn’t there. Sorry.

Kavik brought the water close to himself and cradled it into a sphere,

Grasping the Bird’s Tail. Tayagum had laughed at him earlier for admitting

to losing fights. But he didn’t lose every fight.

The logbook. The important documents would be in the back. Every

building in Jonduri had its corner office, he reasoned. Kavik crept through

the intersections, slowly weaving his element around himself, keeping it in

motion, so he could strike with it at a moment’s notice.

The sound of snapping lumber made him pause. He peeked around the

corner and almost got an eye taken out by a flying splinter.

Four men had trapped Jujinta by wielding long wooden planks,

swinging them back and forth like torches against a jungle predator. Kavik’s

partner fended them off with nothing but a dagger in hand, raised high. The

first person to come near him would get plugged.

The problem was that the instant Jujinta picked a target and threw his

weapon, he’d get rushed by the others. He’ll be fine, Kavik thought. He was

doing great, holding up a bunch by himself.

Other priorities were at stake. Kavik moved sideways to skirt the fight,

fully intending to just sprint the rest of the way to the back office. But some

reflex, some twinge, made him pause and look one more time around the

corner again.

From this angle he got spotted. Not by the workers but by Jujinta. The

two partners made eye contact. The distraction was enough for a plank to

come crashing down onto Jujinta’s shoulders. He toppled to the ground, and

his opponents pounced, laying into him with vicious kicks and stomps.

Kavik swore up and down. At this rate someone else was going to beat

him to the logbook. An association man wanting to salvage some small

victory, or a worker trying to secure the most valuable asset they knew was

inside the warehouse.

He glanced one last time in the direction he was supposed to be going

and then stepped out into the open. “Hey, Sifus!”

They stopped kicking the living spirits out of Jujinta. So at least that

goal had been accomplished. The rest was up in the air.

The four men still standing looked at Kavik and then each other before

chuckling. “Look at this guy,” said the worker closest to Jujinta. “I don’t

think he can count.”

Instead of splitting his water between the tentacles of Octopus form,

which would have rendered them too thin to do much damage, Kavik

wrapped all the liquid he had around his right arm, turning it into a massive

limb big enough to wield a bundle of planks as a single giant club.

“One,” Kavik said. “That enough?”

Jujinta woke with a start, his face dripping. “What the—Where are we?”

“Shh,” Kavik said. “We’re still inside the warehouse.”

They were on top of a crate tower, to be exact. The fight as a whole had

not gone well for the association, and getting to an elevated position was

the only thing that Kavik could think to do while Jujinta regained

consciousness. The problem was that now they were treed like pygmypumas.

“You defeated those men,” Jujinta said. “And then you healed me with

waterbending.”

“Sure. That’s what happened.” It would be more accurate to say Kavik

had scared them off by flailing about wildly. And he still didn’t know how

to heal. He’d splashed Jujinta over and over again until he woke up. It was

the only thing he could do with the little water he had left, and now it was

gone.

They crawled to the edge of their stack and peeked over. Below, by the

main walkways of the loading area, the other association members had been

rounded up and forced to sit on the floor. The invaders looked woozy and

beaten, but they were alive. Even Pang, who should have been flatter than a

scallion bing after the hit he took.

“You there up on the boxes; you’re still outnumbered,” shouted the

opposing leader, who was not the oldest or most battle-scarred member of

their group, but a young man with long wavy hair cascading in abundance

around his shoulders.

Jujinta hurled a blade over the side, barely looking, the way a child

might throw a snowball from the cover of their fort. Kavik saw the spinning

metal tumble point-first into the foot of a worker standing next to the leader.

“Less so now,” Jujinta called out, as his victim shrieked and fell over,

pinned to the ground.

Rather than get angry, the leader of the workers grimaced and rubbed

his eyes. Kavik felt the same way. The longer this stalemate played out, the

more dignity everyone lost.

“Please stop knifing people for the moment,” Kavik said to Jujinta as

calmly as he could. He needed time to think.

Jujinta nodded. “Because I’ve only got two left. Good call.”

Pang started to laugh. Kavik thought it might have been from a head

swell, but the association man was as lucid as could be. “You and your

friends are history, you know that?” he said to the young man holding him

captive. “Thanks to our boys up there distracting you, we got the logbook

out. You’ve got no leverage now.”

In a panic, Kavik counted the captured men next to Pang. One missing.

He flipped onto his back and slammed his elbows into the crate below him

in frustration. If he hadn’t stopped to save Jujinta’s sorry carcass, he might

have been able to complete his mission.

“You see, this is what I don’t get about you association people,” said the

leader of the warehouse crew, his voice wavering. “What has Chaisee given

you to deserve your loyalty, huh? Other than the chance to step on us?

You’d suffer to keep her in power when she wouldn’t spare you one of her

sandals to eat.”

The man ran a hand through his long hair, gathering the strands. His

face was covered in sweat. “Negotiating with her was never an option, was

it?” he murmured.

He walked over to the base of the tower Kavik and Jujinta were on, then

took a Low Horse stance and inhaled deeply.

“No, no, no!” Kavik shouted in horror. “Don’t do that! We can talk!”

The crew leader punched forth a stream of flame at the wooden crates.

The highly flammable wooden crates.

“What are you doing?” Pang screamed. “This whole place’ll go up

before you know it!”

“You ever stand on a jetty and watch a really big wave come in?” the

man said as he spread the fire back and forth. “Not knowing whether it’ll

die down before it reaches you, or keep gaining strength until it smashes

you in the face?”

His flames petered out and he flopped down next to Pang, resigned, his

elbows on his knees. A campfire outing after a bad day. “We’re on the rocks

together now, Sifu,” he said, staring at the blaze he’d created. “I think we’ll

all sit here together until enough damage has been done.”

His crew seemed to agree. A couple of them took brooms and rolled up

sheaves of paper, touching them to the fire. They started going down the

crate stacks with their improvised torches. The air began to fill with smoke.

“What are the two of you up there going to do?” the crew leader called

out. “Burn for Chaisee’s sake?”

Kavik looked at his partner.

“This is the worst job I’ve ever been on,” Jujinta said, sounding as

matter-of-fact as he had outside at the tea stand. The crackling of flames

grew louder. “Have you ever considered you’ve been cursed by the spirits?”

Many times. The obvious solution was the water reservoir, nearly at eye

level now that they were so high up. But still distant. He wound his arms

and tried to pull his element to him. Nothing. The tank was too far away,

and the seals were too tight. “I need an opening,” he muttered.

Jujinta got to his knees but was wobbly from the hits he’d taken. “Stand

back.” He took one of his two remaining knives, sighted down the handle,

and hurled it hard across the distance, sticking the point in the metal.

Nothing happened. The weapon wasn’t heavy enough. “I have to

hammer it deeper,” Jujinta said. He hefted his last knife in his hand, as if he

were making adjustments in his head for miniscule variations in weight and

balance.

“You miss and we’re both out of weapons,” Kavik said.

Jujinta paused. He whispered to himself so softly Kavik almost didn’t

hear him. “A Yuyan does not miss.” The words sounded painful for him to

say, barbs lodged in his throat.

Whatever the notion meant to Jujinta, he shook it off and made his

second throw, duplicating his previous movements so exactly that Kavik

was convinced he’d inhaled too much smoke and witnessed the same

moment in time twice. The last knife went flying through the air and landed

in the pommel of the first, driving the blade further into the tank. A spray

leaked around the knives, and then they were ejected by the pressure. Water

poured out of the hole.

“That’s actually harder than what Shigoro did,” Jujinta said, before he

slumped over and lay down again, resting his arm over his eyes.

Kavik didn’t know what a Yuyan was, and he had a feeling his

mysterious partner would be less than forthcoming if they ever talked about

it. But that wasn’t important right now. Jujinta’s precision had opened a

breach.

The walls of the tank were no longer an obstacle. Kavik widened the

stream, tearing a bigger hole, unleashing a huge amount of stored-up

pressure. The weight of water. He couldn’t stop this much if he wanted to.

He redirected the torrent coming out of the tank and splashed it along the

flames, dousing everyone and everything inside the warehouse.

As the men below shrieked beneath the indoor waves, Kavik realized he

was in control right now. The only Waterbender present. A king atop his

mountain.

And right now, the king had a mission to complete for the Avatar.

THE RECKONING

“You did not think this through,” Tael said as he led Kavik through the

wreckage in the warehouse.

True. It had been a spur of the moment thing. And like most impulses,

split between regrettable and victorious.

Some of the crates Kavik had sliced open with blades of water, shearing

the faces off whole stacks where they were neatly aligned; others he’d burst

open with internal pressure, ripping nails and pegs free from their holes.

Everyone inside except for him and Jujinta had gotten knocked off their feet

by a flood of slimy rainwater full of debris.

As the last man standing in the aftermath, Kavik had sifted through the

wreckage before reinforcements from the association arrived. And to his

deepening dread, he’d found nothing out of the ordinary. Nothing that could

have spurred a power grab. No money, no weapons, no hidden locked

containers inside the crates.

The most likely explanation was that he’d just missed something. But it

turned out Tael was the type of jerk who would rub a pet’s nose in the spot

they’d made to teach the poor animal a lesson.

“Komodo-rhino hides, scraped, five pallets,” Tael said, peeking his head

inside. “Derelict.”

“Komodo-rhino hides, scraped, five pallets,” Kavik repeated. He

winced as he put a mark next to the entry in the very logbook he’d came

here for. “Derelict.”

“Chop seal blanks, ten dozen. Fine, surprisingly.”

About half the shipments were declared ruined after he and Tael poked

through them. “Chop seal blanks, fine.” Kavik was getting every bit of

information he could have possibly hoped for, in great detail, with an extra

eyewitness confirmation. A spy’s dream. The only problem was that the

logbook he was holding contained a tally of how much money he had

personally cost the Zongdu of Jonduri tonight, and it grew in giant steps

with each shipment declared unsalvageable.

It was like forcing the prisoner to build his own gallows. “Spotted sea

prunes, dried, twenty barrels, derelict,” Tael said. “Striped sea prunes, dried,

twenty barrels, derelict. Mink-snake fur, collars and ruffs, full crate,

derelict. Camel-yak wool, second grade, five hundred skeins, derelict.”

He turned to Kavik. “And we’re done. You kind of ended on a losing

streak there.”

The value of the wrecked goods was of a size where the numbers didn’t

matter anymore, as far as Kavik’s own life was concerned. “They were

going to burn everything,” he said. “I didn’t destroy this stuff. I saved half

of it.”

“Bold claim. We’ll see if the boss-boss agrees after you explain what

happened. Come. I’ve got a ride waiting outside.”

Kavik snapped the tip of his charcoal pencil. The boss-boss? He was

going to meet Chaisee? Of course. The larger the mistake, the higher you

had to raise the flag of your shame. He followed Tael to the door, his arms

and legs suddenly heavy.

Jujinta and the rest of the undersized association squad that had gone in

with Kavik waited by the exit. Pang, their nominal leader, sneered at Kavik

and nodded as Tael led him out. The new guy would catch the blame, as

was tradition.

“Don’t look so smug, Pang,” Tael said. “You’re going to account for

this too.”

When Pang sputtered, his tongue poked out through the gap on his

teeth. “What?! How is this my fault? Do I look like a Waterbender to you?”

Tael was unmoved. “Doesn’t matter. You were in charge. Your raid,

your loss.”

“You sent us in without enough strength and left us hanging! We did the

best we could!” Pang was frantic at the prospect of being lumped in with

Kavik’s coming punishment. “I’ll explain to Chaisee myself if I have to! It

wasn’t my fault!”

Tael halted and grimaced, making the face of a person who stubbed

their toe, more annoyed at their own stupidity than anything else. He turned

around slowly and then slammed his hand into Pang’s stomach.

Pang’s eyes goggled out, and he made a single, weak cough. At first

Kavik thought Tael had merely punched him, a surprise body blow. No

shame in keeling over from one of those. But a dark drip spattered on the

floor.

“Chaisee?” Tael said loudly, for the benefit of any and all witnesses.

“Who’s that? I don’t know a Chaisee.”

Kavik sprang back from the blood pooling on the ground as if it were a

living, skittering insect. He shut his eyes and cowered away, but the image

of Tael cradling Pang by the neck with one hand and working the point of

his knife upward with the other was going to be etched into his nightmares.

No, he whispered in his head. He crouched down as if getting lower,

taking cover, would shield him from another death. No no no.

Pang’s bloody wheezes became the loudest sounds in the entire

warehouse. Then they stopped. “Wrap him in the wool and wet it down

before you nail the crate shut, so the whole thing rots,” Kavik heard Tael

say. “It’ll hide the smell until we can throw the goods out.”

Kavik opened his blurry eyes a crack to see two men dragging Pang’s

body away. They were much smoother than he had been with Qiu. Practice

must have made perfect.

“Get up, Sifu Waterbender,” Tael said to Kavik as he wiped the blade of

the murder weapon with a cloth. “The boss-boss doesn’t have time to wait

for you to grow a spine.”

Jujinta stepped between them. He’d recovered his wits from the fight

and was back to his usual, imperturbable self. Pang’s death had not affected

him in the slightest, and neither did Tael. “That’s my partner,” he said.

Tael threw his head back and sighed. “Juji, I only put the two of you

together because I thought it would be good for a laugh. And if you don’t

back down right now, well, there’s plenty more crates that need to be

disposed of.”

Kavik could only think of how Jujinta was out of knives. Tael still had

the one. He rose to his full height and put a shaking hand on Jujinta’s

shoulder. “It’ll be okay,” he said, trying to keep his voice steady.

He still had one more out, looped around his neck. “I’ll be fine.” He

tried a reassuring shake. It took three before Jujinta was convinced enough

to step aside.

Kavik followed Tael into the street and got into the carriage that was

waiting for them. Together they rode off to see where the evening would

end.

The night was still young by Jonduri standards. Tael’s carriage was

enclosed, so the passing sounds of revelry were muffled. A sudden burst of

laughter from a drunken party made Kavik clutch the logbook tighter. The

fact that he’d been told to hang on to it was probably meant to be

demeaning at this point. A weight around his neck.

One of the wheels took a hard dip into a pothole. Kavik’s ears perked

for a splash, water he might have used to protect himself with. But there

was none.

“Something on your mind?” Tael said.

A great deal. “Pang was your man, through and through. He fought for

the association and that’s how you repay him?”

“Where Pang chose to place his faith is none of my business. He had a

problem keeping his mouth shut, and he botched the raid. People who

become more trouble than they’re worth in Jonduri tend to vanish.”

Bile rose in Kavik’s throat. Any claim this city was better than Bin-Er

was load of crock. It was just more organized. “What’s going to happen to

the workers?”

“Well, they have families, so we can’t make them disappear easily. And

it’s going to be hard for us to pin blame for the cargo losses on them

because none of them were Waterbenders. For now, they’ll sit in a

harbormaster’s brig, safe and sound.” Tael thumped the wall of the carriage

with his knuckles. “If I remember correctly, you don’t have family in the

city. Do you?”

Kavik shrunk in his seat. He was a fresh face, just like he and Yangchen

had discussed. Completely clean. The association didn’t have to worry

about anyone coming to look for him.

He avoided touching the bison whistle under his kuspuk. Not yet. His

mind was in as many pieces as the inventory. Despite the fact that he’d

come up blank on two different inspections of the warehouse, there was

something in the logbook that felt like the missing piece to his mission. He

just couldn’t put his finger on it yet. If he survived the night and made

contact with the others, he could try recreating its contents from memory. If.

The carriage came to a stop. Kavik heard the driver outside jump down

and open the door. Tael motioned for him to get out first.

Kavik stepped onto a pathway leading to a luxurious, two-story cottage.

The windows, real glass windows, were bright. The chirping of cicadacrickets over the lawn and the gentle clucking of the ostrich-horses made

him think of a farm. Animals got slaughtered in farms.

“In there,” Tael said. “And keep the book with you.”

They walked up to the entrance, which Tael opened for him like a guest

of honor. Kavik paused to consider whether the bison whistle could be

heard from inside a building. He weighed the option of jumping on the

other man right now and fighting for his life. His first step into the house

would be an opportune time to slide a knife between his ribs. “Are you not

coming?” he asked.

“I was ordered to stay behind,” Tael said. “I’m just your humble courier.

The boss-boss says you’re to go find a seat and wait.”

It was now or never. Kavik took a deep breath and crossed the

threshold. The door slammed shut behind him.

He found himself in a narrow maze of luxury. Boxed in by a sweetsmelling wooden hallway, his feet sinking into carpet as lush as a bog, an

expensive glowing crystal cut with dozens of facets hanging overhead.

“Hello?” he tried. No answer.

He moved slowly, as if each piece of furniture he encountered might be

a trap. A trunk would open its jaws and swallow him whole, or he’d fall

through the squeaking floorboards into a spiked pit. There was only one

door open, and it led to a small study.

He took one of the chairs in the corner and waited as he was told. His

pulse became the thrum of a dragonfly-hummingbird’s wings. His one

solace was that this was far too nice a place to kill him. His corpse would

make too much of a mess.

The sound of footsteps, coming from the ceiling. The master of the

house descended the stairs above the study. Kavik’s spine straightened. His

lips parted. He froze in a tilted, halfway state, poised to get up but unable to

leave his chair.

Between his wooden home and his old workbench on the lowest floor of

Nuqingaq’s, Kavik had learned it was possible, extremely possible when

you were familiar with the person, to tell who was going up and down a

flight of stairs just by the sound. His father was a slow thud-thud-thud,

always catching and settling his weight fully before the next step. His

mother’s telltale noise was a sliding swishhh, since she always held onto a

banister if available. If not, she ran her hand along the wall.

And the trail of light thumps that slalomed from one side of the stairs to

the other, as if the maker of the noise were slowing their descent down a

mountain by following a path of switch-backs, belonged to a single person

in Kavik’s life. The door to the study opened, and in walked the boss-boss

of the association.