Title: part of the group. Free will wasn’ t the reason they’d all come together either; Akuudan and T ayagum would have preferred their peaceful (Part 1)

retirement in Jonduri had they not been burned.
We work together without bringing emotions into it? Jujinta’ s iron shell was really a boiling cauldron threatening to spill over any moment. “Just
quit complaining and work together!” Y angchen said. “I shouldn’ t have to play babysitter on top of everything else!”
At least with this group she could be honest about her thoughts. Kavik clapped slowly at her oratory prowess. “W ords for the ages,” he said.
“Truly.”
Yangchen wasn’ t bothered by his sarcasm, but she wasn’ t the only person in the room this time. Suddenly she had to switch from pulling
Jujinta closer to pushing him away so he didn’ t gouge Kavik’ s eyes out with his bare hands for insulting the A vatar . Akuudan and T ayagum passed over
the chance to show any maturity whatsoever and suggested areas below the waist to kick.

Her hair got caught in the scuf fle. As Y angchen tried to untangle herself from the clawing and scrabbling, she cast a prayer into the future.
May my successors keep less ridiculous company , she pleaded with any spirit that would listen.
“You need to get along with Jujinta,” she said to Kavik on their return trip to her of ficial lodgings. The stolen notes were tucked safely in her robes.
Her staf f rested firmly in hand. It was time for the A vatar and Master Lio to rest for the night.
They passed a corner strewn with lettuce leaves from a cart; Iwashi had been right about the city’ s littering problem. “I used to.” He shook his
head and brushed the side of his nose, as if genuine af fection were a stinging insect. “What do you care, anyway? I’m not part of the team. Did
you for get I have to report all of this back to the White Lotus?”
She’d assumed so before they’d embarked on the mission, and she’d remembered again on the way back to the safe house. But in between there
had been a genuine gap where Kavik was her companion only , and not the agent of another party trying to take advantage of the A vatar .
Any lapse was her fault, but she found herself peeved at Kavik regardless. Like he remembered the entire time. “Y ou were the decoy ,” she
reminded him coldly . “And you performed your duty . Tell Mama I give you full marks; you’re real senior Lotus material.”
“Glad to be of service,” he snapped. “I’m always available when one of your plans nearly ruins an entire city .”
Yangchen grimaced, wondering how they’d flipped from basking in triumph to taking shots at each other . Kavik knew she was keeping the prize
of the mission on her person. W ould he go for the notes? There was no serious way he could overcome her in a face-to-face confrontation, but he
could sponge the information with a trick if she wasn’ t careful.
She’d never been spied upon with both her knowledge and consent before. The openness of the struggle made for a bizarre set of rails, forcing
them both down a single path. Their best option was to keep cooperating,
no matter how reluctantly .

She quickened her pace. Instead of keeping up, Kavik followed a few steps behind, looking for all the world like the victim of a spat. As they
came to the mansion of her of ficial quarters and marched through the common area, the whispers of the servants were as loud to her ears as
shifting sands.
When they reached her room on the third floor , she’d had enough. She stepped through her door , laid her staf f in the corner , and faced Kavik.
“Look,” she snapped. “W e’re not children. Stop sulking, come inside, and we’ll talk about this.”
“Yes, please,” said a voice from deeper in the room. “Let’ s.”
Yangchen turned slowly . The collision of her heart into the walls of her chest had left as quickly as it arrived. Whoever it was that snuck into her
room, they’d missed their moment to attack. A raise of her fingers lit the lamps on the tables.
The intruder , a W ater T ribe man, sat in the chair Kavik had slept in,
resting the side of his head on his fist.
No introductions were necessary . While there wasn’ t much of a family resemblance in a physical sense, Y angchen could see the connection as
clear as day . Kavik’ s fake smarmy grin, the mask he put on to infuriate,
deceive, and project complete confidence in his lies, had been modeled entirely of f this man’ s natural expression.
Even his body language, the slouch of indif ference, was already familiar to her . In every aspect of his mannerisms, as if doing so were some
kind of good luck charm, Kavik had desperately tried to copy his older brother , Kalyaan.
But now , in the presence of the genuine article, he’d withered. Kavik’ s shoulders rounded in a preemptive flinch, a student caught cheating by his
tutor. Kalyaan gestured behind them. “Y ou for got to close the door .”
In his haste, Kavik slammed it shut, sending a loud bang through the room. Kalyaan snorted and shook his head, and in the span of those few
moments Y angchen suddenly could imagine what it was like to live with such a person, to spend years in the presence of someone who held an
invisible measuring stick over you, to carry the weight of their superiority .
“The A vatar in the flesh,” Kalyaan said. “What’ s the proper procedure here? Do I bow? Grovel? Ask for a blessing?”

“You stay where you are and don’ t move,” Y angchen said. She clenched her fist behind her back, winding up for one of the many ways she
could take him down.
“Easy now; I didn’ t come here to fight. I have a plan in place for if I
don’t walk out of here safely on my terms, so let’ s try to keep the peace,
eh?”
“What are you doing here?” Kavik asked, his voice small and hoarse.
“I need to talk to your boss for a bit. Stay if you want; I don’ t care.”
Kalyaan turned to Y angchen. The slight movement coupled with his singular , tunneling gaze was all it took to dismiss Kavik, push him to the
side, out of mind. The grown-ups would take it from here.
She stilled any motion of her body toward the notes in her robes. She didn’ t know what he knew yet, and there was no need to give away a
detailed confession in response to vague accusations. “Does Chaisee know you’re here?”
“No,” Kalyaan said. “And she doesn’ t know who Kavik is, so you can both rest easy on that front. I’m not a monster who would betray his own
blood.” He leaned forward in her chair . “Consider this a courtesy call between two professionals in the same trade.”
Two, not three. Another slight against Kavik. Once, Y angchen had commiserated with Kavik about the complex nature of older siblings, but in
the span of a few words she’d concluded that Kalyaan and Jetsun were nothing alike.
“I know about your grudge against the shang cities,” Kalyaan said. “I
know about your little adventure this afternoon. Bankrupting Iwashi through his favorite game? Good stuf f. There’ s a certain flair to letting your
enemy hang themselves.” He nodded appreciatively , as if the whole exercise had been run solely for his pleasure. Everyone could be relieved;
the customer was happy .
If Kalyaan thought the Sparrowbones game was the entire mission,
then he’d missed the move on Iwashi’ s boat. Or he was simply using the same tactic as her , lingering within the realm of common knowledge until
the other side gave away more than they had to. “So glad I measure up,”
Yangchen said with a slight courtier ’s bow .
Kalyaan scrunched his lips and shook his head; she’d presumed too much. “However , I wanted to warn you—antics like that won’ t work on

Chaisee. Y ou need to back of f her trail before someone gets hurt.”
“Like in Bin-Er?” Y angchen said. “Like Henshe was?”
“Exactly!” Kalyaan’ s smile shone bright and pure, as if he’d nothing to do with those events. “Henshe, may he rest with the kindest spirits, created
that mess because he stuck his nose where it didn’ t belong. There are plenty of fights you can pick as the A vatar . Let Chaisee win and stick to marks like
Iwashi and the Bin-Er shangs. The adults can handle running the world.”
Kalyaan gave more compliments than A yunerak, flew a dif ferent banner , but ultimately his tack was the same. Everyone wanted to write
history , but there was only so much ink to go around. “I’m not rolling over for your boss,” Y angchen said.
His eyes narrowed. “Y ou should. She may have more Firebenders than the three you know about. The woman’ s good at keeping secrets.”
Yangchen sucked in her breath too quickly and he noticed. “Y ou’re bluffing,” she said to cover herself. “Y ou don’ t really have a plan to get out
of here.” She took a step closer . An airspout into the ceiling would knock him out with the least amount of noise; the only dif ficulty would be
avoiding permanent damage to his neck.
“Before you attack me, why don’ t you take a look out the window?”
Kalyaan said. “I won’ t bolt. W e both know I couldn’ t escape your clutches through bending alone.”
Yangchen grimaced; the lashings of flattery worked well to keep her off balance. She stepped carefully around Kalyaan, watching him. He
remained seated, true to his word. “T wo blocks down, right side. The benches by the sweet wine vendor .”
She reached the window . The evening’ s neighborhood shop stands were busy setting up under the lantern lights. Steam wafted from dumpling
carts while noodle hawkers laid down their carrying poles and mixed fresh batches of sauce. Some of the food and drink sellers dragged stools and
long tables into the street to give their patrons a place to rest.
A small gathering had formed by a banner advertising a ginger -
flavored concoction to ward of f the heat, and as Y angchen ran her eyes over the drinking customers, her first impulse was to expect Thapa providing
overwatch. Threat plus distance would have equaled the hulking Firebender staring back at her , ready to blow up the entire floor .
What she saw was so much worse.

“Isn’ t it annoying when an amateur tries to play the intelligence game?” Kalyaan said behind her . “He probably fancies himself the hero of a
play. The royal in disguise who walks unseen among his citizens. Must really get his juices flowing.”
Sitting on the bench, dressed in commoner ’s clothes, was Earth King
Feishan.
The most powerful man on the continent sipped his drink and cast his gaze around the street, unrecognized by the pedestrians flowing around
him. Y angchen swore, openly and floridly . “I know , right?” Kalyaan said.
“His Majesty isn’ t supposed to be here this early . He’ s been snooping around the city under cover , searching for signs of collaboration against him
by the shangs, the zongdus, the Fire Lord, the W ater T ribe Chief. Poor fellow is so wrapped in the shroud of paranoia that he thinks everyone’ s
against him and so has to confirm every imagined piece of evidence himself.”
Whoever started playing the game first won. The Earth King shared the same mindset as the A vatar , the two of them more alike than Y angchen
wanted to admit. “I’ve got a man posted on Feishan right now ,” Kalyaan said. “One who doesn’ t mind spilling royal blood. Do you think I’m
bluffing about that?”
He might have been, but at this point it didn’ t matter . The Earth King was too big a liability . If Feishan disappeared anonymously into the gutters
of Taku, a hole would burn through the map, starting in Ba Sing Se.
Someone , Yangchen begged into the void. Anyone. Please. Just give me a br eak. For once .
“Sifu is on the lookout for trouble,” Kalyaan said, enjoying her distress. “If he catches us fighting, we both lose. What do you say to a
truce? I know this mansion isn’ t your only base. I could easily root out your safe house in T aku and raze it to the ground, along with the team you’ve
probably got hidden inside.” He flipped his head to the side. “But I won’ t.”
His sheer arrogance was a weapon in itself. A few supremely confident words, and now she had to doubt her craft, reexamine how well she’d
covered her trails. “And what would you want in return for this act of goodwill?”
“I want you to stop messing with my brother ’s head.”

Kalyaan leaned forward. The casualness and geniality he’d addressed her with, so like the joshing between zongdus, drained away with the
motion. “What you’re doing to him is no better than blackmail. Y ou’re holding a knife to his conscience, and I don’ t appreciate it when people
threaten my family in any shape or form.”
Yangchen’ s eyes darted to Kavik, but he’d become unreadable, for ged his features into determined blankness. She’d never seriously entertained
the thought that he might crave her for giveness. He’d always been working one end of a bar gain or another , first for her and then the White Lotus.
She’d come to accept that. She needed to believe that.
Because if Kavik was risking himself out of sheer guilt, then his brother was right, and she really was extorting him without end.
“I protected Kavik in every way that you didn’ t,” Kalyaan said. “I got him far away from Chaisee, out of danger , like an older brother should.
Only for you drag him straight back into the jaws of the beast! Y ou’re a hypocrite, A vatar . If you were worth anything, then your companions would
follow you by choice. Not because they owe you.”
Yangchen searched for a response to fling back, only to find her quiver empty , her tongue robbed. Kalyaan rose from the chair and stretched,
protected by an armor more impenetrable than any layer of elements. He sidled over to Kavik and threw an arm around his shoulder , giving
Yangchen a side-by-side comparison of the two brothers. While both were handsome, Kavik’ s squarer jaw lent earnestness to his face, a tempering
softness. Kalyaan was all knives. Grip the wrong end and you got what you deserved.
“This fellow here is the real reason I sought an audience with you tonight,” Kalyaan said to Y angchen, shaking his younger brother back and
forth. “If you have any decency whatsoever , you’ll stop using him as a piece in your game.”
Kavik stared at the floor , trembling. No shield could hold forever .
“Wait until I pass Feishan and turn the corner before you or the A vatar move,” Kalyaan whispered into his ear . “Tael’s out there waiting for me.
You remember T ael, right? Y ou know how jumpy he can get. Like this!”
Kalyaan punched him in the stomach.
Yangchen jolted in surprise. It took her far too long to process that the blow was fake, Kalyaan’ s fist lagging behind his shoulder .

But Kavik didn’ t even flinch. His lack of response could only have been the product of conditioning, years of childhood games with familiar ,
uneven rules. I get to do what I want. For you to attempt the same means you lose .
Kalyaan disappeared down the hallway the opposite way Y angchen and Kavik had arrived, an outrageous act in itself. The lower floors were
full of staf f. They’d notice an intruder . She was almost tempted to call him back and of fer help in escaping. Instead, she waited by the window and
watched the Earth King, the only person whose reaction mattered right now .
Defying all logic, Kalyaan emer ged in the street below , completely unimpeded. No one chased after him or raised their voice. He must have
scouted her quarters better than she had, moved completely within people’ s blind spots. Kavik’ s brother had skills she could only dream of.
He strolled by Feishan without attracting attention. Soon after he disappeared into the next block, a thin man sitting behind the Earth King
got up, dropped some coins on the table to pay for his untouched drink, and followed.
Both Kalyaan and this T ael person, whoever that was, had managed to get within arm’ s length of the ruler of the Earth Kingdom. An assassin’ s
dream. Only then did Y angchen believe this visit had been a personal matter for Kalyaan, hidden from his boss, because Chaisee might have taken that
opportunity .
Yangchen wheeled around. “W e have to go after him,” she said to
Kavik. “He’ s got a big head start, but if we work together—”
“It’s no use,” Kavik said quietly . “He’ s gone. W e’ll never find him, not unless he wants us to.”
They didn’ t have time for this. “I have my staf f now; I can follow him from the air . You fell for it.”
“But he won’ t!” Kavik shouted. “How many times do I have to say it?
He is better than me! He has always been better than me! He always will be!” He rammed his fist into the wall. His knuckles met the good, solid
wood with a crunch. He punched the wall again, harder , and a third time for good measure.
Yangchen knocked him to the floor with a gust of air , too slow to protect him from himself. He curled up on his side, cradling his hand,
holding the seed of his pain.

She pulled the nearest water to her so hard the porcelain flower vase

shattered in place. Dropping to her knees beside him, she tugged on his

wrist. He fought her until the agony became too much to bear, and she

wrested his injured hand free.

His fingers were already a swollen mess. The misalignment in his

knuckles struck her deeply. Earlier today she’d watched him put on a

masterful show of dexterity, and without immediate attention he’d never be

able to perform to that level again.

The water glowed as she began to mend the wounds and seal the

fractures. She wouldn’t be able to stop halfway. If there had ever been a

chance to tail Kalyaan, it was gone now.

As she healed Kavik, she had to consider the possibility that he’d hurt

himself on purpose to let his brother get away. She didn’t know what to

believe, when not long before she’d risked an entire city’s well-being for

the chance to reclaim a small bit of her connection to Jetsun. There was no

weakness as great as family.

KEEPING P ACE
You dolt. Y ou blockhead. Y ou utter ninny .
Though Y angchen’ s healing was flawless as usual, Kavik’ s hand still throbbed. Phantom pains, mixed with embarrassment. Here’s the newest
agent of the White Lotus, thr owing a tantrum in fr ont of the A vatar . You cost her the chance to chase down Kalyaan .
The briefing in the safe house washed over his ears. A blob of sound that might have been his name. “Hey . Hey! ”
Kavik snapped to attention. “Is there a problem?” Y angchen asked.
She looked at him from across the map table. Her phrasing was stern but the concern in her eyes was gentle.
The rest of the team’ s, less so. “No.” He put his arms behind his back so she wouldn’ t catch him rubbing his knuckles again. Jujinta tracked the
movement with his eyes, as if taking mental notes for an upcoming prizefight. Delicate hands. Good to know .
The two of them had already informed the others about Kalyaan’ s visit and the Earth King’ s presence in T aku. They’d handled it rather well, all
things considered. “Y our entire family can rot in the same pit as Feishan,”
Tayagum had said.
Kavik sometimes for got the Earth King was responsible for T ayagum’ s and Akuudan’ s imprisonment. “T ake that back,” he’d replied. “My parents
are very nice.”
Yangchen had immediately spent the night after Kalyaan’ s visit analyzing the notes they’d stolen from Iwashi’ s books on the ship. The
freshness and value of the information would deteriorate quickly since the longer they waited to capitalize, the higher the chance Chaisee realized
Iwashi’ s string of misfortune was no accident—assuming she hadn’ t already .

That was why Y angchen called the meeting shortly after dawn. Kavik had been hurled awake by the sound of that infernal gong whose reach
seemed to penetrate every corner of T aku. He was tired.
But the dark bags under Y angchen’ s eyes indicated she hadn’ t so much as napped, and Kavik could tell from scent and temperature that she wasn’ t
drinking the same tea as them. Something stronger .
She quaf fed her special brew and set the cup aside. “As I was saying.
The records we nabbed from the Bliss Eternal narrowed the possible locations for Thapa to be hiding in down to a manageable number .”
Yangchen paused and angled her head, a brief moment to acknowledge something going right for once. “But there’ s something else I learned.
Chaisee doesn’ t only lease property from Iwashi; she charters his ships as well. According to his logs, small vessels occasionally used to leave T aku
carrying supplies while returning empty . They never made port in any of the other shang cities.”
“Sounds like he’ s just trading on the side to avoid paying his dues on the customs revenue,” Kavik said. “Like the Bin-Er shangs were.”
“The goods aren’ t valuable enough,” Y angchen said. “W e’re talking cheap foodstuf fs, clothes, the bare necessities for survival. I have a hunch
that these ships provisioned a secret location where Chaisee trained the
Firebenders.”
Tayagum frowned. “That’ s a big hunch. I didn’ t reach that conclusion when I transcribed the notes.”
“You haven’ t spent as much time as I have studying the false names
Iwashi uses for his counterparties,” Y angchen said. “I’ve been thinking about this day and night. It takes time and ef fort to develop bending
prowess. Bitter work from both student and teacher . Turning Thapa, Y ingsu,
and Xiaoyun into weapons would have required a proportionally huge commitment of resources.”
Yangchen spread a dif ferent map over the first, a rendition of the Mo
Ce and its neighboring seas. “The Port T uugaq testing range I discovered a while ago wasn’ t set up to house anyone for an extended length of time.
Chaisee must have an isolated lar ge-scale operation somewhere else under her control, and an uncharted island in her home territory would be the
perfect fit.”

She began to mark up the paper . Her strokes crossed the waters between the shang cities, back and forth, lines thickening with each round
trip. “The prevailing winds keep merchant ships leaving T aku primarily within these corridors. And these are the most common Air Nomad flight
routes. I hate to admit it, but we rarely deviate from them because we can travel in straight paths. Convenience rules us too.”
By the time she finished scrawling, a distinct patch of sea in the shape of a triangle remained unmarked. “Here,” she said, tapping the center with
the tip of the pencil hard enough to blunt the lead. “Process of elimination.”
“What are you proposing; that we drop the plan and leave T aku to search open water for an island that may or may not exist?” Kavik said.
“I admit it sounds daft,” Y angchen said. “But after Bin-Er , I couldn’ t pursue Chaisee as hard as I wanted because she hung the threat of more
Firebenders over my head, and last night Kalyaan did the same. There very well might be other members of Unanimity out in the world. I need to know
if this ordeal ends with Thapa, and I can’ t pass up the chance to find out.”
“I agree with the A vatar ,” Jujinta said. “W e should go look.”
“You always agree with her ,” Kavik snapped. “Y ou’re about as useful in these planning sessions as an iguana-parrot.”
Akuudan calmly put his hand between them, both to block their view of each other and to remind him how much bigger his fist was than theirs.
“Where would we find the time?” he said to Y angchen. “Y ou’re needed in
Taku.”
“In a bit of luck, I have at least an entire day of f. A messenger came at dawn. Iwashi’ s called for a temporary adjournment of the convocation. He’ s
not feeling very well and needs to rest.”
“Ha!” T ayagum grinned at Kavik. “Y ou broke another man’ s spirit so badly he had a physical reaction. Good work.”
Kavik grimaced and flexed his fingers behind his back.
“We still need to watch for Thapa,” Akuudan said. He peeled the sea chart away to examine the city map of T aku again. “W ith how these
locations are arranged, we could get away with two people on the stakeout.
How do you want to split the group?”
Yangchen paused; Kavik understood the decision wasn’ t as trivial as it sounded. More protection and safety on this impromptu sea adventure
meant fewer eyes in T aku. She responded by encircling him and Jujinta

with an arm each, like bales of straw . “We’ll handle the search for the island. Me and the boys. It’ll be a bonding exercise.”
She squeezed them hard enough to make Kavik’ s eyes water . “You two will be on your best behavior , won’ t you?” she said, her smile more
dazzling than the early morning sun.
They had to leave as soon as they could, Y angchen told them. A lot of ocean to cover and not much time.
The real reason for an immediate departure was more complicated.
Yangchen needed to plumb the secrets of this supposed island before Kavik had a chance to meet with the White Lotus and give them the information.
His double agent status forced her into hurrying; nothing he could say would work to slow her .
Everyone split up to prepare for their next task. The A vatar flitted back and forth between the members of her squad, overtaken by a frenetic
energy. When Kavik quietly suggested to her in the kitchen that she rest and leave the work to them, she rebuf fed him. “Both Iwashi and the White
Lotus are wrong,” she’d said, her voice lowered to keep the conversation in one room. “Neither Sparrowbones nor Pai Sho encapsulate life, because
enemies in real life don’ t take turns with each other .”
She handed him the empty cups she’d cleared from the table.
“Chaisee’ s been forcing me to stand still, and other people have paid the price for my inaction. No more. W e need to determine her true strength
once and for all, and we’re not going to accomplish that by resting.”
Kavik wanted to tell her she was blaming herself unfairly and consequently pushing herself at an unhealthy pace. But it was too late to
express such concerns at this stage, when the Zongdu of Jonduri sat across the table and Kalyaan dropped by for friendly visits. The right time would
have been long before the convocation. I could have spoken up had I stayed by her side as a r eal companion , he thought with a pang in his chest.
“For now the game is a race,” Y angchen said. “W e don’ t get to determine what we think is an appropriate speed and then stick to it. The
answer to how fast we should go is faster .”

She stormed away to check on the others. Perhaps he only imagined her fatigue. The leads provided by Iwashi’ s books might have reinvigorated
her.
Kavik began to pour out the cups into a bucket so he could wash them.
Ayunerak had ingrained in him the habit of cleaning up after himself for operational security; a dirty dish could reveal how long ago the occupant of
a safe house had used it. But then he stopped.
One of the clay drinking vessels contained the remnants of the
Avatar ’s tea. She’d packed the cup with leaves nearly to the brim, certainly not how it should have been served. A hunch of his own scratched at his
skin, demanding attention.
Kavik looked around, not wanting to be accused of scandalous behavior , and took a small sip of her dregs. It tasted like regular tea. A little
on the grassy side, peppery even, but not unpleasant. She just likes this blend, whatever it is , he thought. He’d been suspicious over nothing—
Between one heartbeat and the next, Kavik’ s pulse became thunder .
His hands trembled. His face grew hot. He was more than alert from the brew; he felt maddened. Her drink had to have been tenfold stronger
than his, and she’d been downing it all throughout the night and morning.
“When you’re done in there, can you bring up the travel rations from the storage room?” Y angchen called out to him from around the corner . She
sounded perfectly normal, and not like her veins were about to burst.
Kavik couldn’ t reply without his voice shaking. The best he could manage was a gar gle of acknowledgment before needing to lean against the
wall. He thumped his fist a few times until his bearings returned and hurled the damp bolus of leaves into the waste bucket like it was poison.
The A vatar was putting a physical and mental strain on herself that would have sent a normal person to a hospital bed. He needed to tell the
others so they could force her to slow down, to stop before she—before she
—
She’d never for give you. Impede her plans again and see what happens. See if she’ll keep you ar ound .
Kavik jammed the heels of his hands into his pulsing eyeballs. She wasn’ t an ordinary human being, he told himself. He had to believe in her ,
the same way Jujinta and the townsfolk around the Northern Air T emple

did. “First door on the left,” she called out again, annoyed that she couldn’t

hear her commands being followed with promptness.

His vision cleared enough to find the storage room. Kavik stumbled

inside and groped through the darkness, searching for the supplies. The

Avatar had made it perfectly clear what she wanted. It wasn’t up to him to

second-guess her.