Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 1)

and nobles sometimes rankled at his presence. He had no problem rankling

back.

The laggards among the shangs finished their bows and engaged Boma

in a staring competition. She put a hand on her friend’s arm. They were not

off to a good start for her mission.

“Apologies, Avatar Yangchen,” said a man in the center of the room.

“The cold makes us all a little slower. I am Henshe, Zongdu of Bin-Er. We

are blessed by your visit.”

Henshe was a deeply handsome man in his mid-twenties. The youngest

person ever to hold his position, if Yangchen’s research was correct. She

returned his bow. “Thank you, Master Henshe. You have a . . . lovely city.”

The first part of the compliment slipped out by reflex and the latter out of

obligation.

He motioned at a large, raised chair that had been reserved for her. “You

don’t have your famous lemurs with you? A shame, I’ve been told they’re

adorable.”

They were. But it was hard to be taken seriously at times with Pik and

Pak chasing each other around her shoulders. She took her seat and

wondered if it was intentionally too big, with a slippery bottom that

threatened to dump her on the floor if she leaned back.

Tea was poured for everyone. Yangchen noticed the cups were lined

with silver, the metal twirled into the porcelain with outrageously expensive

craftsmanship. A single piece of the service alone could have fetched ten

times as much money as she’d poured into Kavik’s hands last night. “I

understand this is your first visit to a shang territory,” Henshe said. “If I

could be allowed to give you an overview of our wonderful system and how

it was formed?”

She already knew how the current version of Bin-Er came to be. And

Taku, and Jonduri closer to the Fire Nation, and Port Tuugaq near the

Southern Water Tribe. The system wasn’t ancient, and there wasn’t much

history to learn. She was about to say so but Sidao, who had taken up a

position next to the zongdu, looked at the ceiling and flared his nostrils, as

if the refusal halfway out her mouth was giving off a smell.

Fine. If she didn’t follow protocol and listen now, someone was going to

accuse her of ignorance later. She reached for the armrests, found them too

far away, and settled with folding her hands in her lap.

Henshe cleared his throat. “When I was but a young boy living in the

outskirts of the Middle Ring, I dreamed of a place where opportunity could

be reaped by anyone with the will to sow. As I grew older, I often spent my

days down at the supply gates, watching the carts full of trade goods flow in

and out, in and out, like lifeblood through a beating heart . . .”

Yangchen fought her groan a little too hard and ended up making a

strained noise like she was earthbending a rock too big for her to lift.

Henshe didn’t notice and carried on without a hitch. His summary of the

situation, once the glaze of his own life story had been scraped away, was

generally accurate. The harsh truth was that Bin-Er and the shang cities

owed their privileged status to the worst blunder of international politics in

generations. The Platinum Affair.

In the long annals of the Earth Kingdom, rulers came and went. And so

did the various military leaders, ministers, and family members who tried to

depose them. Time’s unceasing passage made the exercise of determining

who would control the largest of the Four Nations seem dry. The occasional

tussle that sprang up now and again.

Living through such strife wasn’t so academic. Eight years ago, the

world watched with bated breath as the loyalist forces of Earth King

Feishan and the rebel legions of General Nong danced around each other,

avoiding a pitched battle. Neither side wanted to throw away their chances

for success in a single moment.

The Fire Lord and the Chief of the Water Tribe lost patience and

conspired in secret to back Nong. While keeping up the pretense of

friendliness toward both sides, they loaned funds to the Earth King in the

form of paper bank notes, and sent Nong ingots of platinum, superior to

gold in purity and portability.

The idea was to influence the war in favor of the renegade general by

supplying him with more valuable money. Given only written promises, the

loyalist soldiers on the other side would lose confidence in their king’s

ability to pay them and eventually refuse to fight.

What no one accounted for was the Earth King’s hidden boldness and

surprising battlefield acumen. He found the moment he’d been waiting so

long for, fell upon General Nong at Llamapaca’s Crossing, and wiped his

enemy off the face of the map.

The Earth King knew what his fellow heads of state had done. In

retribution, he closed his nation’s ports, cut off diplomatic communication,

and expelled ambassadors from his land. And he’d kept the captured

platinum, melting it down and using it to plate the giant badger-mole statue

behind his throne. Relations would return to normal when the entire surface

fully tarnished and appeared as stone, he declared. Which was to say not for

a century or more.

The Water Tribes and Fire Nation struck back by announcing similar

states of isolation and for a little while there was quiet, silent panic behind

closed doors. Three out of four nations were now blind to each other’s

actions, and that made them paranoid. Very few people other than Air

Nomads were allowed to travel as they did before.

But despite the climate of political hostility, Earth King Feishan and his

court still liked Fire Nation pepper and Water Tribe lamp oil. There was still

money to be made exporting fine Omashu silk. So, in a face-saving

handshake between king, chief, and lord, a few cities were chosen to handle

controlled amounts of international trade under the strict purview of

selected noble and merchant families. Those people became known as

shangs.

“Each shang city has an elected officer called a zongdu who is

responsible for solving problems and collecting customs revenue on behalf

of our respective nations,” Henshe said, once he was done explaining the

state of world affairs. “A zongdu serves for a few years at most, before we

step down and are replaced by another.”

“In a way, they are Avatars,” Sidao said.

Yangchen snapped to attention. “They’re what now?”

“A zongdu is like a modern-day Avatar,” Sidao said. “They serve others

in their time, in an endlessly repeating cycle. They hold one of the few

important positions in this world granted by means other than bloodline.

They negotiate between international parties and need not be born of the

country they work in. Zongdu Dooshim was Henshe’s forebear, as Avatar

Szeto was yours.”

Clever analogy. And another slight to her and her past lives. Yangchen

raised her palm to quell the fury she knew was running through Boma and

glanced at the zongdu himself. Henshe clutched his notes and gave her a

wide-eyed little shake of his head. I didn’t tell him to say that.

“The shang cities are stable, balanced, and self-sufficient,” Sidao went

on, as proudly as if he’d invented them himself. “Avatar Szeto would surely

have approved of our great system.”

An unusual Avatar, Szeto had also managed to hold the position of

Grand Advisor to the Fire Lord during his era. Many people weren’t shy

about telling Yangchen the young Air Nomad what her venerable

predecessor would have thought, would have done. She waited for others to

cut in after Sidao, but no one did. They were keeping things simple for her.

Good. An opening. “Thank you for the enlightening glimpse into recent

history,” she said. “Bin-Er and its sister cities are quite the marvel of human

accord. A testament to the great feats that can be accomplished when the

powers of the Four Nations are aligned in a single purpose.”

A few nods from the shangs. Everyone liked compliments. “But no

system is perfect,” Yangchen said.

Sidao’s head turned so sharply that his beard generated its own breeze.

“A mountain is more than its peak,” Yangchen said. “We cannot declare

true prosperity from looking at only a handful of accounts. No tower can

stand on a mire of suffering.”

What is she doing? Yangchen was accustomed to the question flying

around in her presence, usually silently, on occasion out loud. Glances

darted across the room like volleys of arrows in a heated battle.

“There is a great deal of misery in this city that goes overlooked,” she

said. “I would ask the people here, who have benefited so much from the

arrangements made in the wake of the Platinum Affair, to listen harder to

the spirit of generosity that I know lives in each and every one of your

hearts.”

Henshe cleared his throat. “Are you asking my masters for alms,

Avatar?”

She was glad for the direct question; it meant she could stop flowering

her language. “No. I am asking you to help me create a place where alms

aren’t necessary.”

A forest of frowns had sprouted. She had an example prepared thanks to

Kavik, who was already providing value as an informant. “There was a riot

in the square last night, was there not?” Yangchen asked.

Henshe’s grimace gave him away. Sweeping the incident under the rug

would have fallen on him. “There was an incident, yes, but it was quickly

resolved.”

You mean hidden from me. Based on Kavik’s description, Yangchen

spotted an old man dressed in a strategic blend of muted colors sitting in the

middle of the pack. That was the funny thing about the shangs. Unlike some

glad-handing nobles and ministers who rushed her during meetings, hoping

to impress their name in her memory, most of these merchants preferred to

remain part of an indistinguishable mass.

Well, no longer. They would be named. “It was you, Master Teiin, who

shortchanged your workers to the point of starting a riot, was it not?”

Yangchen said, singling the man out with her finger. “It seems you canceled

a construction project of your own volition before it was finished and then

decided you didn’t have to pay for any of the work at all.”

A murmur went through the room. Not at Teiin’s sharp practice but at

the fact that the Avatar knew about it. Teiin shifted in his seat and answered

her with a watery hiss that she could barely hear. “Last night I was waylaid

by violent ruffians whom I didn’t recognize. As for my dealings, they are

entirely my own and no one else’s.”

You need at least two sides for a deal, Master. “My point is, we can ease

the troubles of Bin-Er by treating its occupants with respect before they

grow as desperate as they did last night,” Yangchen said. “That means

paying them fairly, instead of abusing their lack of options due to the

restrictions forced upon them by the Platinum Affair.”

She wrinkled her nose. “And despite what I said earlier, more alms are

always good. The situation is dire enough that supplicants are sneaking out

of the city without clearance and seeking refuge at the Northern Air

Temple. Abbot Sonam has his hands full trying to take care of them. There

is a direct chain of events between excessive desires in the present and

widespread pain in the future.” She was trying so hard not to use the word

greed to avoid offending her audience. Why? she wondered. Why was the

obligation on her to dance?

“Avatar,” Sidao pleaded. “There are no such formalities in place for

what you’re asking.”

“Then we can draft them,” Yangchen said. “I’m willing to hold the

brush. My friends, every day the chance to make the Four Nations a better

place pays us a visit. Every day, rain or shine or snow, the opportunity

comes calling. Let us not turn away such an important guest.”

She paused and swallowed. It was a good speech. She thought it was a

good speech. Perhaps not Szeto-worthy, but enough to make her point clear.

Wasn’t it?

She wasn’t going to get an answer from her audience. The shangs were

as unresponsive as corpses. She tried to fill the void. “I have plans, based

off successful policies from the archives of Omashu, that I’d be more than

happy to share. The cost would not be onerous to any of you in the least—”

“Avatar.” The woman who interrupted her was draped in pearls from

shoulder to shoulder. “Is there a spirit in the room with us?”

Yangchen blinked. “I don’t understand the question, Mistress . . .”

“Noehi.” The name was delivered with a quick, practiced smile, eyes

included in the squeeze. “Many of us have heard of your great prowess in

spiritual matters. How you quelled the afflictions of the Saowon clan in the

Fire Nation. The lives you saved in Tienhaishi from the great spirit.” She

tilted her head. “Though I have heard from some it was actually a typhoon

that leveled the city.”

Yangchen remained quiet, as she often did when it came to her battle

with Old Iron.

Noehi took notice and smirked. “I asked because, well, unless we’re

being haunted right now by a glowing presence demanding the silver from

our purses, I don’t see the merit of your demands,” she said. “Bin-Er is a

city of reason and commerce. We’re not superstitious bumpkins who rely on

oracles like the court of Tienhaishi, nor are we petty Fire Nation lords

cowering in our castles, praying for better harvests.”

This obviously wasn’t the first time the woman had delivered a gentle

letting-down in a delicate social situation. Poor dear, best to be direct. “The

fact of the matter is you don’t have any right to tell us what to do.”

Opening her mouth to retort would have only made Yangchen look

foolish. Because there was nothing she could say in response. She thought

she’d come to Bin-Er armed with the truth. But so had her opponents. And

their weapons were sharper.

Noehi drove the point of the spear home. “You don’t have any power

here, Avatar,” she said. “You simply don’t.”

KEEPING SCORE

Yangchen blinked and looked around, even though she knew to search for

help would be a flaring signal of her defeat. Boma couldn’t meet her eyes.

He’d been privy to all her business so far as the Avatar, but her guardian

was out of his depth here. They both were. What Noehi said wasn’t a slight

to her office; it was a simple fact.

Sidao probably should have said something to preserve the dignity of

Avatarhood itself. Yangchen was nominally his employer, after all. But he

was caught between his money and his duty.

It was Henshe the peacekeeper, her supposed counterpart, who took pity

on her.

“Avatar, your wisdom is much appreciated,” he said with the grace

of a diplomat. One who was on the winning side. “We will meditate upon

your advice and seek to incorporate it into our lives.”

Advice. Was there ever such a useless gift? Advice was like fanning the

sky and claiming responsibility for the weather. Sitting in her grand chair,

Yangchen saw the future as clearly as she saw the past. She would leave

Bin-Er, to carry out the next of her never-ending list of duties. And the

shangs would turn to each other and say, Well, wasn’t that interesting?

“Surely . . . surely you can see a long-term . . . long-run . . .” Yangchen

took a deep breath. She needed to offer them something, but what? “Surely

you can see the long-term benefit of investing in the people of this city. The

spirits smile upon those who take care of their neighbors.”

The shangs in the room, not just Noehi, fought to hide emboldened

smiles of their own. We’re trading blows with the Avatar and coming out

ahead. What else can we do? Fly?

“If the spirits have a problem with Bin-Er, they haven’t shown it yet,”

Noehi said. “Unless . . .” She made a droll performance of looking around

her shoulders, above her head for the phantom she mentioned earlier.

Chuckles. They were laughing at the Avatar. That was fine. Yangchen

would let them mock her, give them anything she could, equal status at

whatever imaginary table they wanted. “Please,” she said, debasing the one

asset she had left to give. “Whoever unites with me in this effort would be

marked by history. I urge you, join me in companionhood and duty.”

Status as an Avatar’s companion was going cheap these days. But she

could find no takers. “Our duty is to manage the flow of trade between the

Four Nations,” Teiin said. “Not to throw bones at every barking animal in

the street. As long as Earth King Feishan gets his portion of the revenues,

he doesn’t care how we manage our business.”

Teiin sniffed and drew his thick cloak around him. How dare she waste

his time. “Henshe put it sufficiently,” said the man who thought it cheaper

to beat people than give them their due. “Your advice has been heard. I

think we’re done here.”

Yangchen’s fingers dug into the armrests like claws. The only person

who sensed the danger was Boma.

It would have been easy to blame another life, to pretend a bad memory

of being scorned pushed her over the edge. But it was Avatar Yangchen

alone who decided that she was no longer giving advice. And that they

weren’t done.

She stood up before Teiin could. “The Earth King cares about being

cheated,” she said. “He cares about treason.”

The silence that fell upon the room rolled back and forth, flattening the

occupants under its belly, squeezing the air out of them. Yangchen’s words

sucked the blood from faces, tugged jaws downward, turned the members

of her audience to stone.

“What—Why would you say that?” Sidao asked, total shock stripping

the high flourishes from his words.

Henshe wiped his mouth with his palm. “Avatar, you know as well as

we do the ramifications of using such indelicate language in matters

concerning His Majesty the Earth King. Can you explain yourself?”

She could. “According to your latest charters, the shangs of this city are

allowed to move cargo with twenty-eight specific authorized grand junks.

But I can personally attest to the fact that forty-four distinct ships docked

last month.”

The lack of response told her the numbers were accurate enough.

“They’re easier to count from above,” Yangchen explained, pointing

upward. “I’ve been surveilling the city for weeks.”

Revealing to the shangs that her official arrival date had been false, and

she’d been watching them in secret, tipped her hand a great deal. She told

herself this was a strategic provocation. Not an attempt to assert herself in a

group of older men and women who had shown her contempt.

Jump off a cliff and you might as well flap your arms. “Bribing enough

harbormasters to run hidden traffic must be expensive,” Yangchen said.

“Which means the returns must be significant. Could it be that Bin-Er is

generating a large amount of revenue that the Earth King doesn’t know

about? When we all know how sensitive His Majesty is about not getting

his due, thanks to Zongdu Henshe’s wonderful lesson?”

Sensitive was an understatement. The man had carved bloody grooves

into the world over money. “Even worse,” Yangchen continued. “Any ships

unaccounted for could be holding spies and other security risks to His

Majesty’s rule.”

No one was chuckling anymore, not even in defense. “If there is an

excess of money in this city, perhaps it’s only a rounding error and can be

reconciled by directing the funds to more charitable efforts,” she said.

“Sometime before I next speak to the Earth King.”

Boma cleared his throat. “Avatar, I believe you are scheduled for an

audience with His Majesty three months from now.”

“Is that so?” Yangchen said. “Well then.”

The shangs said nothing. Henshe looked to the side and made a face

Yangchen couldn’t see. Another brawl he had to clean up. “Thank you,

Avatar,” he said in a weary rasp, his voice already overused. “I’m sure a

reconciliation can be achieved.”

FALLBACK PLANS

The rest of the meeting . . . went. Tongues formed words, words came out

of mouths, but nothing of import was said. The Avatar’s challenge was an

iron pillar in the middle of the road. Every piece of conversation had to go

around it.

Toward the end, Yangchen realized how big of a mistake she’d made.

She cursed herself over and over again. Strategic provocation, nothing. It

was a reckless bet, spurred on by her wounded pride.

The session concluded with a second round of refreshments. Never

before had tea been drunk so fast. Yangchen announced she would be

returning to her lodgings for the rest of the day, pretending she was hiding a

sore throat.

“Avatar, I beg your permission to stay behind a bit,” Sidao said. “The

hall contains some minor historical artifacts of interest to me.”

The request came easily, and his excuse had already been prepared.

Sidao collected many times his official salary in kickbacks from the women

and men in this room, and he most certainly had to smooth an entire nest of

ruffled feathers. She gave him her leave.

Henshe offered to see her out and she accepted. Yangchen walked down

the long corridor side by side with the Zongdu of Bin-Er, Boma trailing

behind like a chaperone to a couple weighing a political marriage.

“Avatar, I . . . ah . . .” Henshe tried to find his footing. “I wish you had

brought the matter of the ships to me first, in private. I would have been in a

better position to help you.”

She had been thinking the same thing. The zongdu could have

negotiated with the shangs for better conditions behind closed doors. She

and Henshe together could have let the merchants say no at first, and then

chipped away at their stubbornness gradually until a new shape of the future

was ready to be unveiled. They could have pretended it wasn’t blackmail.

“I regret the delivery,” Yangchen said. “But not the contents. Your

masters are men and women so enamored with themselves that they justify

squeezing commonfolk and cheating kings.”

Henshe sighed, as if that were rebuttal enough. You just don’t know how

the world works. “It’s their right to look out for themselves and their

families.”

Yangchen did know how the world worked; that was why she acted like

she did. “Family isn’t an excuse to trample upon others, Master Henshe.”

“Well put. I will do what I can to convince them of your wisdom.”

Henshe bowed slowly, deeply, the full gesture of respect for an Avatar.

His wince on the way down brought forth a surge of pity in Yangchen.

She could believe in this moment Sidao’s claim of equivalence between an

Avatar and a zongdu. “I’m sorry for causing you trouble.”

Henshe shrugged and smiled. “Problem-solving. It’s our job.”

Yangchen waited until he was gone before beckoning Boma closer. “I need

you to do something for me.” She whispered instructions in his ear.

She had to salvage something useful from the pieces of the deadlock

she’d so clumsily broken. The shangs would react. Confer with each other.

If they were going to blow wind, she needed to know the direction.

Boma’s whiskers twitched as she explained her plan. “Please

reconsider.”

“It’s just listening. Is that not my job as the Avatar? To listen?”

He had to offer a token amount of resistance to her ploys to soothe his

conscience. He’d sworn an oath to the Western elders to keep her safe.

Luckily, she wasn’t planning anything as dangerous as fighting a giant

armored spirit right now. “Tell me when,” Boma said.

“I will. Keep walking.”

The two of them strolled down the vaulted corridor of the hall. Searing

brightness came through the windows, the higher sun reflecting off the

snow. They reached the door Yangchen had memorized from the building

plans Kavik nearly stole before she had the chance to. She took a quick

glance around once they were shielded from view by a little foyer. “Now,”

she said.

Yangchen twirled off her heavy hooded cloak and draped it over Boma’s

shoulders. As he stepped out into the snow, he tried to get a little bit more

height by straightening his back and rising on the balls of his feet. Anyone

watching from the second floor would see the Avatar heading back to her

bison.

The effect was . . . not good. Boma’s impersonation of her looked tipsy,

and she’d failed to consider the obvious. Two people leaving were now one.

She didn’t have time to bemoan the shortcomings of her plan. She

earthbent a section off the plastered-over wall next to her, keeping the

bricks together as a single panel, to reveal a cramped nook. She stepped

inside and pulled the brickwork shut behind her as tightly she could.

This maintenance tunnel was her access point to the underground flues

running below the original gathering hall. In days long past, hot air and

smoke from an ancient furnace flowed underneath the leaders of Bin-Er to

keep them warm. Yangchen didn’t know why the system had been

abandoned when the hall was rebuilt through successive generations.

Maybe a cost problem. She flicked her hand open to hold a candle’s worth

of flame and looked around.

She frowned once her eyes adjusted to the darkness. The dusty gap

before her was between knee and waist high. The plans had been a topdown view only and made no mention of this axis.

No matter. She lowered herself, wadding up her robes and her body as

much as she could, and shoved her legs into the crevice. With a series of

grunts, she managed to get her whole body underneath the floor.

She had just enough space to roll onto her belly and start crawling. The

heat chamber hadn’t been cleaned before it was abandoned for good, and

she had to make her way across a layer of soot.

Her head bumped into one of the squat stone columns that supported the

layer above her. These, at least, had been on the map. From the entry point,

she wanted to go five columns north, twenty columns east.

Twenty. She had to hurry.

Ghostly cobwebs brushed across her face and flecks of ash wandered up

her nose, forcing her to snort them out like an ostrich-horse. Boma and

Sidao alike would have withered in shame at the indignity she was

subjecting herself to.

For a good cause. And I remember doing more embarrassing things

than this, many times over.

Theoretically, her ploy would work. Vital intelligence had been gathered

over the centuries by eavesdropping behind secret hollows of the Fire

Temple and opaque screens in the Northern Water Tribe palace. She could

already hear an attendant pass above her, muttering to himself about the

poor mood his master would be in later this evening. But she needed to

make it back to the assembly room, and quick, if she wanted to gain any

product of relevance.

Her bulky, dragging robes snagged on a crumbling column. Yangchen

swore under her breath using words she’d overheard down at the docks. She

rolled onto her side and tugged hard on her caught hem. There was a chak!

where she expected to hear a tear.

The sturdy wool had pulled an entire section of mortar loose. Her eyes

widened as a crack traveled up the column and across the upper surface of

the chamber. Heavy stone tiles began to drop.

Her light went out as she traded firebending with one hand for

earthbending with two, catching the masonry before a crash gave her away.

She managed to stay the tiles farthest away, like a servant in a stage comedy

floundering for spilled teacups, but the last chunk came down right over her

and broke its fall on her ribs.

Yangchen gasped in the dark. The tile that had made it through the

defenses she’d been so vain about earlier hadn’t traveled far, but it was

heavy and sharp. Worse, the pain was excruciatingly familiar to someone

who wasn’t her.

The right kind of hurt delivered at the right time could knock her offkilter no matter how many of Abbess Dagmola’s exercises she’d performed

in the morning. In the void of the chamber, there was no sight or sound of

the present for her to latch on to. The chalky air scraped her throat raw. Her

heart slammed against the walls of her chest, trying to break free.

“Not you,” she dared to whisper, the need for silence pushed aside. “Not

you. Not you.”

She didn’t know whose terror had paralyzed her, whose memories had

boxed her in, but it didn’t matter. It was pure math. Out of a thousand lives,

at least a few Avatars would have been debilitatingly afraid of confined

spaces.

It was their fingernails raking across the soot, seeking purchase. Their

voices closing shut in a chorus of suffocation. She fought to maintain

control. Avatar Yangchen isn’t afraid of being buried alive. You’re not going

to die here. You’re not going to die.

But she had perished so many times, hadn’t she? The downside of being

endlessly reborn, the endless ends. Her body and mind remembered how to

take a final breath. Yangchen clamped her arms around her stomach and

curled in on herself, trying to compact into a featureless lump before the

closing walls did it themselves.

WAKE UP.

A voice from her own memories. Not a previous Avatar’s. Jetsun’s

voice.

WAKE UP.

Her own memories. Hadn’t the Water Tribe boy who’d tried to crawl

through the walls of her room gotten stuck like this? He had survived. His

name was Kavik, and he’d survived his ordeal. She was fairly certain.

She blinked slowly. No one else in the cycle had met the audacious

burglar named Kavik. The boy’s name was Kavik, and he had nice teeth,

and she’d held his frozen hands until they warmed. Yangchen had done that.

Her name was Yangchen, and she wasn’t afraid of cramped spaces any

more than she was of soaring heights.

She took a deep breath and gagged on dust. Right. She was in the

middle of embarrassing herself for the sake of duty. Who but Yangchen

could she be?

The bout of someone else’s fear had cost her time. Seconds, hours, she

couldn’t be sure. She’d find out once she got to where she was going.

Reaching out to judge the space, she aligned herself in the direction she

hoped east was. She’d done this trick once before, through the pillars of an

airball field, and Jetsun had been furious at her for a week.

Let it be said that the Avatar who followed Szeto was more foolhardy

than fearful. Yangchen grabbed the crumbling columns to the left and right