Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 7)

Kavik encased the woman in the fresh water from neck to toe, weaving his arms with full-shouldered motions. He gently pressed her twitching
limbs back in place with his element, stabilizing her so Yangchen could work.
When she applie d her control alongside his and made their shared water glow , he gasped out loud. A common training exercise for groups of
Waterbenders was to weave a current between them, guiding each other ’s form, shaping each other ’s flow. Water was the most comm unal element,
according to many bending sifus.
But partnered healing went far beyond the push-pull of sparring. She imagined the elation Kavik must be feeling right now, the potential for a
miracle at his fingertips, the intense connection between him, Yangchen,
and the patient. The bonds of life itself.
After a few minutes she managed to get the swelling under control.
“Up, so I can reach her spine.”
He tightened the circles of his arms. Yangchen got her hands underneath, the two of them working together to cradle the woman in
midair . Sweat beaded on Kavik’ s brow , but Abbot Sonam himself dabbed it away with a cloth, the leader of the Northern Air Temple giving the outsider
boy an approving nod.
The woman’ s fever broke, a subtle shift in temperature that rippled through the water like a wave spilling against the shore. “Down,” Yangchen
said, letting out a long breath. “She’ s out of danger .”
Kavik lowered the patient back to her bed and split the coffin of water into a series of small buckets the monks had carefully placed around them.
When the last one had been filled, he gasped and fell forward onto the empty corner of the bed. “My arms are jelly ,” he croaked.
Yangchen waited until he regained enough strength to lift his head. His eyes were shining with excitem ent, his skin flushed, his grin nearly manic.
“I’ve never helped revive anyone like that before.”
“You did well.” She let Kavik’ s happiness wash over her, like bathing in the sun. Saving a life could be a powerful rush.
Their patient stirred. “Where . . .”
“You’re near the Northern Air Temple,” Yangchen said, clasping her hand. “We found you in the mountains. You were very sick, but you’ll be
okay . You made it. Y ou’re safe now .”

The woman couldn’ t believe her eyes. “Y ou’re the . . . Y ou’re the . . .”
“Yes, I am,” Y angchen said. “Rest.”
The wom an lowered her head, tears streaming along the groove s of her ears. “Thank you, Avatar . Bless you. The spirits bless you.” She shuddered
in relief. “Where is my son?”
“Your son?” There were no children in the beds nearby . Yangchen turned to Abbot Sonam.
His face was pale. “The patrol s found her yesterday , collapsed along one of the trails,” Sonam said. “She was by herself.”
“That’ s not possible,” the woman said. She struggled to a sitting position. “My son was with me. We escaped Bin-Er together . Where’ s my
son?”
Yangchen could n’t provide an answer . “Did you see signs of anyone on the wagon route?” she asked Kavik.
He shook his head, wide-eyed and ashen. His joy had turned to dust in his mouth. Kavik was from a place where the land could be hostile. He
knew very well the odds of survival in this terrain, this weathe r, overnight and alone.
The woman grabbed Yangchen’ s robes, latching on to her in a burst of frantic strength. “Avatar , where’ s my son?” she cried. “Where is he? Wher e
is my son? ”
OceanofPDF .com

MAKING READY
Kavik waited for her behind the hospital in the circle of trampled grass.
“Were all of those people from Bin-Er?” he asked Yangche n once she emer ged.
He soun ded calm in the way one had to force. “Most of them are,”
Yangchen said. “Sneaking out of the city without clearance usually means forgoing enough provisions or the right knowledge to make it safely to the
Air Temple. We have to patrol the surrounding areas on our bison to pick up the lost and stranded. You get turned around in these mountains and, well
. . .”
“What’ s going to happen?” he asked, pointing his chin back inside.
“Abbot Sonam will send another team to search for her child.” There might turn out to be more to that statement. One could only hope. She took
in Kavik’ s taut, uneasy stance, the weight he kept on the balls of his feet, as if there were an opponent he could fight in hand-to-hand combat for the fate
of the missing boy . If only it were so easy .
“You can’t let it get to you,” she said instead. Rote. Words she’d heard throughout more than one lifetim e. “You saved someone’ s life. You have to
hold on to the victories and let go of the defeats, or else you’ll never sleep again.”
He stared at his feet, as if better wisdom were buried in the dirt.
“Come,” she said, chucking him in the arm. “I was going to show you around the Air T emple. Y ou need a few stories to tell your parents.”
“I thought I was staying down here. I’m allowed on sacred ground?”
“You’re the Avatar ’s guest. You’re allowed in a lot of places. Step back a bit.”
Yangchen distanced herself before curling her tongue, pursing her lips,
and letting out an ear-piercing whistle that started low and went higher and higher , to the point where a human could no longer hear it. A gigantic

shadow grew around Kavik’ s feet. He warily leaped out of the way in case the noise had dislodged a chunk of snowpack or a boulder above them.
No landslide came. Instead, Yangchen’ s sky bison slammed to the ground, trembling the earth beneath its six feet. Nujian tosse d his curly
mane back and basked in the golden light of the falling sun, one front paw raised.
“Quit preening,” Yangchen said to her animal companion. Nujian lived for entrances, admiration, absolutely reveled in being the Avatar ’s bison
among bison. Sometimes it was unbecoming.
“Uaq.” Kavik stopped himself, his hands already reaching out to touch the fluf fy fur . “Can I?”
Yangchen nodded. He stroked the bison’ s gleaming white topcoat and got an appreciative rumble in response. “Nujian thinks you’re all right,” she
said. “That’ s a good sign.”
“You named your bison ‘Arrow’? A little unimaginative, don’t you think?”
“I was eight! Shut up about it!” In a huf f, she used a small tornado to lift herself onto her bison’ s withers, landing with a plop as her robes settled
around her . “Are you getting on or what?”
Reluctantly , Kavik stopped petting and hauled himself onto the saddle behind her. The broad platform had no designated place to sit. He gripped
the railin g and peered over the edge at the spots where the bison’s fur was braided into the saddle’ s fram e. “How does he know when to take off
instead of walk? Do you have to do something with the reins or say a particula aaagh! ”
Nujian shot into the air as fast his namesake. Yangchen had learned to communicate with her compani on through her heels, a glance, a change in
tone. Kavik fell backward, steadied himself, started to shout at the jerk sitting in the driver ’s position. But giddiness caught up with him too fast.
Yangchen had wanted to startle him out of his funk. It work ed. The wind in their faces was sharp and cold. The noise that came out of his throat
was made of pure exhilaration.
They were flying.

Yangchen could n’t help her grin, watching Kavik whoop with such unfiltered glee. As silly as it was, she hadn’ t been kidding earlier . Passing
the Nujian test carried weight. Her bison companion instinctively disliked many of the members of her crew who turned out to be plants, Sidao in
particular . But this boy had a heart made for the skies.
“Do a loop!” he shouted.
Perhaps too well made. “If you’re going to travel with me, you’ll have to learn to guide Nujian yourself. And that means knowing what you can
and can’t do in the air. Bisons fly without support; humans don’t. Even if they’re Airbenders.”
Her greater message was lost. “I get to take the reins?!”
Yangchen rolled her eyes and pulled her bison into a banking turn over the ribboned walls of the Northern Air Temple. Hardly any natural level
ground existed within the confines of swirling stairs and ramps, and the stark relief of its towers against the sky made its feeling of isolation
stronger . The Southern Temple had karsts for neighbors, and the East and
West were built like connected islands. But the North stood on its lonesome.
She let Kavik gawk from above at the training court with its circlewalking pattern, the open-air cloisters, even flew straight through the hammered goalposts for bison polo. Nujian landed on the terrace right in
the middle of the lar ge blue center stripe.
“That was amazing!” Kavik bellowed, his voice still trying to compensate for the rushing wind. “Sorry . That was amazing. Is flying this
much fun every time?”
He’d been such a glum boy in Bin-Er , but now, his happin ess was downright infectious. Yangchen felt warmer , as if struck by a sunbeam. She
liked things that made her feel warm. “I haven’ t gotten bored of it yet.”
Kavik dismount ed first and reached up to help her down. She jumped over his head and landed behind him. “Right,” he muttered. “Airbender .”
“Points for gallantry though.” Nujian left with a parting rush of wind to go forage lower in the tree line. Yangchen led Kavik to the temp le, warning
him not to step on the mittened hermit crabs littering the path.
There were no doors blocking the passageway to the great hall. One could walk straight in, staring the whole time at the fearsome bison relief
carved into the far back wall. Yangchen thought it looked more snorting

dragon than bison, but perhaps when it was created thousands of years ago,
her people’ s animal companions were less companionable.
She preferred the artwork on the walls, paintings of monks against the clouds done in colors meant to fade over time to teach the lesson of
impermanence. Maintaining them required passing on skills from generation to generation, consta nt effort through the centuries. The exercise
was ultimately futile against the power of time but still worth pursuing.
Like most things in life.
Kavik twirled as he trailed her, attempting to take in the statues of great elders in the alcoves. “So many ,” he said. “Will they ever put one of you
up?”
“After I’m dead, the temples are obligated to by Avatar tradition.”
Yangchen winced. “Hopefully mine’ll be smaller than those. I don’t need everyone staring at my giant head for eternity .”
They entered the ringed cloister s. A group of young nuns visiting from the Eastern Temple going in the opposite direction bowed solemnly to
Yangchen while she gave a gesture of benediction. A few of them raised eyebrows at Kavik but said nothing. It was well understood the Avatar had
to conduct worldly af fairs with the help of people from other nations.
The insult came only after they passed each other . “Which way do
Westerners go?” shouted the lead nun. Yangchen spun around to see her making a three-fingered gestur e toward the ground. The rest of the girls
responded in unison. “DOWN DOWN DOWN!”
By laws as ironclad as any among her folk, Yangchen was obligated to answer back. She cupped her hands around her mouth. “You’re seven and
ten in my era! East side, least side!”
“Gap’ s closing fast, Avatar!” The Eastern nuns backed away with grins and arms spread tauntingly wide, only returning to a proper form when they
crossed the boundary into the great hall.
Kavik looked dumbfounded. “Airball rivalry ,” Yangchen explained.
She led him up the stairs toward one of the turrets. They overtoo k a line of younger monks finishing their chores, carrying buckets of sudsy water ,
knocking their knees against the wooden tubs. Kavik looked around the rock formations. Perhaps he felt the faint tug of his element within them;
Yangchen certainly could. “You know ,” he said. “If you drilled a few holes

and knocked down some of those older walls, you could get a flow going at a higher elevation.”
That must have been the city in him talking. Yangchen shook her head.
“People should know the weight of water . The purpose of life isn’t convenience.” All the same, she turned around and bent the loads of water
out of the buckets, raising the blobs into the air. The young boys cheered as they followed her and Kavik higher , temporarily freed of their burden.
“One time only!” she told them. “Don’ t squeal to the abbot!”
After reaching the top of the stairs, they left their little parade behind and entered a turret. Yet another series of steps waited for them inside,
spiraling higher and higher along the wall. For the sake of his pride, she didn’ t push the pace. The air was thin in the mountains, and not many
people were used to the concept of “Airbender flat.” Up a long way, down a long way , end up back at the elevation you started. No big deal.
The top of the tower was a smal l meditation floor , open on all sides. To the west, the fall of the sun dyed the blanket of mountain mists a soft violet.
The cliffs surrounding the Northern Air Temple fell away so sharply that the view from its windows tricked you into thinking you were floating atop
nothing at all, treading along the sky itself.
“Gor geous,” Kavik said with a sigh.
Yangchen stepp ed around him so she wasn’ t blocking any of the light.
“I have to catch at least one sunset every time I visit the Norther n Temple.
This was the favorite spot of my . . .” She forced herself to say it. There was no point in hiding from Jetsun’ s memory . “My sister . She first showed it to
me.”
“You have a sister,” Kavik repeated, still entranced by the orange glow in the distance.
Yangchen puckered her lips. “Is that so odd?”
“No. Sorry. That’ s the normal part.” He turned, the sun cutting across his fine cheekbones. “There’ s such a big dif ference between . . . I mean . . .”
He waved his hands to clear the slate and start anew . “Up-Her e-You is exactly like how I imagined the Avatar to be. Heroic. Inspiring. DownThere-Y ou is something else entirely . I can’ t wrap my head around it.”
Ah. Right. The old question. Why are you like this? A different context than usual. In the past it came out of the elder ’s mouths while they were
teary and frighte ned for her. “Have you heard of a place called Tienhaishi?”

she asked. “It used to be a city of great art and culture. The grandest in the world, from certain perspectives.”
“Where you fought the great spirit,” Kavik said. “I know the basic story .
It’s hard to believe I’m looking at the same person who took on a giant from the sea.” He paused. “But over time I heard more often it was a typhoon
that made landfall. Don’ t get me wrong; I’d be just as impressed if you managed to stop a storm in its tracks.”
Yangchen found it exhausting that no matter what happened, no matter how many witnesses saw somet hing happen, somebody would stamp their
foot and declare events had gone a different way. Making petty little attempts to seize authority over a story that wasn’ t theirs. “For what it’s
worth, it was a spirit,” she said. “You should have seen the battle . I was UpHere-Me. Powerful. Magnificent.”
She made a fist in front of her face, palm in, and then opened her hand outward, the most succinct way she could summarize the Avatar State.
Kavik probably didn’ t know exactly what she meant by the gesture, but he seemed to follow well enough.
“I struc k a deal with the titan,” she said. “He would lay aside his aggression, and human settlers would leave that section of the coast alone.
My people currently take care of the land where Tienhaishi used to be and maintain the proper rituals as part of the agreement. So far, it’s working. If
there’ s one thing the Four Nations respect, it’s the sacred sites of the Air
Nomads.”
Kavik nodded. A job well done by the Avatar . And it was, it really was.
The problem was the aftermath, the trailing eddies, the smoke after the fire.
“The fight left the city a ruin,” Yangchen continued. “Homes destroyed.
The residents had nowhere to go. I stayed with them, searching for new places for them to live. I didn’ t think it would be easy, but I thought there
would be progress. ‘Have faith,’ I told the people of T ienhaishi.”
The sun became a sliver . “We went from town to town, doors slamming in our faces, until I couldn’ t even get them to open for me anymore. I would
find mayor ’s men waiting, armed, telling us to keep walking. We slept in fields, lived on alms. I had my fellow nuns and monks making supply runs
for us, begging far and wide.” She remembered sending Nujian away out of fear he would eat too much of the locally foraged food. Gleaned seeds,
edible tree bark, and the like.

“Once we starte d losing people to illness, I made a promise,” Yangchen said. “I would cajole, wheedle, whine, use any tactic at my disposal to do
what had to be done. Everything became easier once I started playing the game properly , applying leverage in the right situation.”
She didn’ t have to give him details, but they poured out of her like water . “In one case I was able to place most of Tienhaishi’ s craftsmen by
lying to two competing nobles about how badly the other wanted to be the patron of so many skilled workers,” she said. “Had to forge a couple of
letters. That was fun. Another time I scared the spiritually inclin ed husband of a governor so badly that he threatened to run away from her if she didn’ t
show more kindness and open their territories.”
She waited to see if Kavik was disgusted, if she’d ruined the image of the Avatar for him. Then she remembered she’d already done that back in
Bin-Er . “Eventu ally the people of Tienhaishi were absorbed by the continent,” she said. “We found arable land for some of them to work;
others reached family in Ba Sing Se. I’m sure a few of them are in the shang cities right now, needing more help. Can you imagine? The Avatar
failing you miserably , twice in one lifetime.”
Yangchen made faces into the growing shadows of the tower until she was sure she wasn’t going to lose her composure. The light over the
mountains was cool and dim. An appropriate stage for the origins of DownThere-Her . “I learned I can’t force people to do the right thing. But I can . . .
maneuver them. I can deliver tailored, expedient truths that help them see from a more enlightened perspective. The Airbender term is ‘shaped
teachings.’ ”
She was butchering the definitio n to make herself feel better . Picking up the techniques of spycraft and trickery and falsehoods was never the
obstacle. Avatars were often prodigious to some degree, fast learners when properly motiva ted. Yangchen had access to so many lives lived to healthy
ages. Which of them wouldn’ t be a practiced deceiver by the time of their deaths? August Szeto alone was a library of intrigue.
There was silence. He’s judging me, Yangchen thought.
“What does your sister think about it?” Kavik asked.
She was caught of f guard by the question. “What?”
“What does your older sister think about how you do things as the
Avatar?” He scratched his head. “I assume she’ s older , for some reason.”

“I . . . I don’t know how she’d react to what I’m doing now.” To
Yangchen, her life before and after Jetsun were pieces that never meshed,
no joinery possible. “She died a while ago, before I really started my work.
I looked up to her more than anyone in the world.”
An Avatar Yangchen with Jetsun by her side could have been a very different leader . “I’m sure she’d tell me to slow down. Be less rash. Stay
focused on the long-term. How did you know she was older?”
Kavik crossed his arms tight. He could have been trying to stop his answer or force it out. “I had someone in my life like that once,” he said.
“Another errand runner I tried to emulate. Older . Smarter . It’s as if I keep looking over my shoulder each time I make a decision. Waiting to see if
they’re watching.”
So they had a weakness in common. “It’s because they would never let us make the wrong choice,” Yangchen said. Without the nods, without the
headshakes, without their weight and presence, you were off-balance.
Forever doubtful of your next step. “This friend of yours is gone?”
“Very gone,” Kavik said. “He didn’t really have anything keeping him around Bin-Er , so he hopped out of the city as soon as he got clearance for
himself.”
The two of them must have been close for such bitterness to leak around the edges of his mask. Kavik rubbed his chest with his arms still folded, like
he was trying to settle the contents of a bottle. “I suppose you and I are stuck having to decide for ourselves, aren’ t we?” he said. “No one to tell us
which path to follow .”
“That’ s right.” Yangchen was glad she had chanced upon someone who understood. It was ungrateful of her to think so, but all of the wisdom stored
away in her past lives couldn’ t add up to Jetsun’ s steady hand holding onto hers, gently nudging in the right direction. “Are you having second thoughts
about your choice to join me?”
“No. Not if we’re going to prevent more situations like the one back at the hospital.”
His fierceness surprised her. “If Bin-Er took better care of its people,
that woman wouldn’ t have risked trekking through the mountains,” Kavik said, running his tongue over his teeth, a tell of genuine frustration. “She
wouldn’ t have been separated from her child.”

And we’d have had our victory . Yangchen could tell her new agent saw the chain of events leading from greed to negligence to suffering. More
importantly , he was willing to see it. And his reaction was one of deep discontent.
Good. “You know what?” she said.
“What?”
“I think I trust you a little more each time we talk.”
Outside, the fireflies began their twilight dance. The temple grounds became a pinpricked lampshade. The sun went down early this time of year,
which shrank the number of hours the rescue teams could safely roam the mountains to search.
A crazed flapping noise filled the air, summoned by the tower lantern,
now one of the bright sources of light in the sky. Kavik heard it and went on high alert, but he couldn’ t tell which direction it was coming from.
“What’ s that noise?” he said, right before a fuzzy white mass collided with his face. Another struck him in the back of the head.
Chaos broke loose. Yangchen couldn’ t tell who was screeching louder ,
the boy or the winged lemurs. “Pik! Pak!” she shouted. “Stop it!”
Kavik flailed his arms while Pik hung on tenaciously to his hair. “Get them of f me!”
“Stop panicking; they’re my friends! I just left them alone for too long and they’re upset! Calm down and they’ll calm down!”
Her advice went unheeded. She had to unhook Pak’s claws one by one from Kavik’s ears. Kavik managed to get Pik at arm’s length, threw the
struggling animal out the window , and doubled over, spitting and wiping his tongue with his fingers. “ Peh! I’ve got fur in my mouth! Pehk! ”
He’d discovered firsthand the origin of Pik and Pak’s names. They often latched on to strangers who got too close to her, and they also shed
profusely . She couldn’ t eat a meal around her lemurs without her food getting hair all over it.
“If they act up around you again, just do what you did,” she said. “Get them into the air and they’ll glide away .” To demonstrate, she let Pak run up
the length of her arm and sail back into the darkness.
“Those things can fly?!”
She squinted at Kavik. “You dropped my lemur out the tower without knowing it could survive the fall?”

“I defen ded myself from a horrible little rat beast that attacke d me, if that’s what you mean!”
And to think they had almost shared a moment. “It’s getting cold,”
Yangchen said. “I’ll show you the rest of the temple. Hopefully you won’ t wet your pants at the kitten-moths.”
“I hate you.”
“So I’ve heard.”
Kavik had troub le sleeping. The thin air kept him from fully relaxing inside his quilt-lined guest room. And during the evening tour, a greater irritation
had nagged him throughout.
He felt the itch in his gut when he saw monks, done with their studies and meditation, conversing by candlelight or sitting on the terrace steps
without a care in the world. And again, when he was invited to partake in the evening meal and shown by his neighbors how to mix butter into his
barley gruel.
The feeling named itself by the end of dinner . Jealousy .
Kavik was jealo us of the Airbe nders, so at home in their great temple.
He supposed anywhere was home for them, being nomads, but surrounded by people content in their element, his longing for the North became
overwhelming. He made the mistake of teaching the younger monks the stick pull game and had to turn in early for the night lest he burst into tears
watching them.
A gust came through the small window in his room. He got up and rested his elbows on the sill, gazing out over the mountains. The temple
peak was so steep he couldn’ t see the land underneath. If he wasn’ t careful,
he might roll of f the edge of the world.
His eyes landed on a solitary figure standing on the tallest column of what he’d been told was the airball field. Even at a distance he knew it was
the A vatar . She was lightly dressed and rose on her toes to meet the wind.
Maybe she’d taken the Easterners’ taunts a little too seriously and was getting in extra practice. Kavik watched as she trailed her fingers in an
invisible stream and fell forward off the pillar . It only sunk in that she lacked a glider or a bison after she dipped out of his vision. “Hey!” he
shouted, even though his voice wouldn’ t have reached her . “Don’ t!”

He needn’ t have panicked. Yangchen shot into the air, pitching and yawing like a dried leaf, directionless. She reached the peak of her ascent
and whipped her hands at the ground.
From the force of her own airbending, Yangchen tumbled higher . Her path veered randomly this way, and this way again, before going back that
way. Not flight, but the disordered twirl of surrender to the wind. The
Avatar had given up control. She danced on emptiness.
No, Kavik thought. It wasn’ t a dance.
Had he been a random observer , focusing solely on the beauty of her movements, he would have assumed she was dancing. Entertaining herself.
But Kavik had met more than one Yangchen. This version pummeled the ground with blasts of air, lashing out with so much pressure she was blown
into the sky as a result.
He could feel her anger all the way across the temple, temp ered by distance into a gentle breeze. Her element would leave no trace of her
frustrations in the morning. You have to let go of the defeats. Kavik knew
Yangchen had not taken her own advice and moved on from the missing child in the mountains. She had not let go of anything at all.
The Avatar’s skill and power aside, the dangers of being suspended in the air without aid were still very real. Kavik waited until she thrashed
herself weary and returned safely to the ground. He watched her go back inside the cloisters for the night and made sure she stayed before seeking
his own bed once more.
Sleep came to him much easier afterward.
OceanofPDF .com

BREAKING IN
True to her word, Yangchen let Kavik fly Nujian. But only in a straight path, low to the water , for a short time. He barely got to hold the reins
before she took them back. “We can’t risk veering off course,” she’d explained. “Y ou’ll get more chances in the future.”
They skimmed along the low waves of the Baizhi Sea. The warm, wet air made Kavik’ s skin clammy . He was down to his kuspuk. Heavy winter
clothing was a relic of the past, unnecessary where they were going.
“We’re crossing into Jonduri waters,” Yangchen said, examining the sky and the horizon, reading winds and currents Kavik could only guess told her
their position. He wasn’ t an experienced open ocean wayfinder . The
Avatar ’s lemurs perched on the saddle horn, their polished greenstone eyes fixed on him in case he made any sudden moves.
He could admit in daylight, when they weren’ t screaming and trying to steal his teeth, they were very cute. Pik, the one with the torn ear, had eaten
some seeds out of his hand and accepted a few scratches under the chin.
There were no other humans present. They’d departed on Nujian in a caravan of Air Nomads and bison, the residents of the town below the
temple cheering as they flew overhead. Toward the end of their trip,
Yangchen divert ed off on a separate path. The other Airbender s pretended like they didn’ t just see their spiritual leader leave them without saying
where she was going.
“The pickup boat knows to come to a specific location shoul d I ever announce a visit to Jonduri,” Yangchen had explained earlier . “I will hand
you off there, and then return to the caravan since it’s part of my official cover .”
She had no reservations about referring to her fellow Air Nomads as such. “My minister left before us on a ship, while we were still at the Air
Temple, and made public arrangements for me to plead my case. The A vatar