Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 18)

He called the proprietor over and sent him to the back stores for a real bottle. A celebratory toast was imminent, and water wouldn’ t suffice.
While the shopkeeper rummage d through crates full of hay, the Earth
King lowered his voice even further , so that Yangchen had to lean her head in to hear him. “And in the meantime, on the slim chance you are wrong
about the cause of the spectacle in the sky being angry spirits, I will continue my investigations into what happened,” he said.
Yangchen had to force loosenes s into her limbs, break the crust of ice suddenly encasi ng her stomach. “Of course,” she repeated. “Do you have
reason to believe I’m mistaken?”
“I don’t mean to gainsay the Avatar on spiritual matters. It’s just that before Zongdu Henshe disappeared, he sent a letter saying he had
something to show me, and a new deal to strike in Bin-Er . That was all.
Very rude. V ery cryptic. Like he thought he was suddenly my equal.”
The proprietor came back with a bottle and fresh glasses. Feishan sent him away again and poured wine for the Avatar first, before himself. He
wanted to do her the honor even if she wasn’ t going to drink it.
“Shortly after that letter came the lights and noises,” he said. “If the incidents are related, I’ll find out. Perhaps at a more leisurely rate, now that
you’ve given me your assurances.”
He picked up his wine and swirled it, sniffing the aroma. “I’m relieved you’re convinced we’re dealing with spirits, Avatar . Because if I discover
that it was the work of man that lit up the sky above my territory, and that someone has created a threat to my rule, then I genuinely fear what I will do
to the Four Nations in reprisal, the Earth Kingdom included. It certainly wouldn’ t be good for my reputation in the history books. Or the echoes of
suffering in the Spirit W orld you’re so concerned about.”
Yangchen said nothing.
Feishan clinked his glass to hers. “To a brighter tomorrow ,” the Earth
King replied to her silence. “I expect you’ll come through on your end of the bar gain.”
OceanofPDF .com

HONORED GUESTS
Her hands shoo k the entire flight back to the Northern Air Temple. She wrung Nujian’ s reins to steady them, twisting, folding, doubling the lines.
He grunted in complaint when she’d used up too much of the slack.
She had hoped to distract the Earth King by using his greed to keep him focused on the wrong prize. She had only partially succeeded.
Now Yangchen finally had a common interest with the Bin-Er shangs.
They would have to collude to keep the spirit ruse going in front of the
Earth King. The shangs if they wanted to keep their heads, Yangchen if she wanted to prevent the secret of Unanimity from being exposed. If she’d
sought leverage over Teiin and Noehi and the rest, well, now she had too much.
Three people forcing a city to its knees. Three people holding off an army . Bending could be pushed to extremes, she knew all too well. But this
was an entirely new level. None of her memories contained anything resembling the power she’d seen on display in Bin-Er .
The knowledge that this technique existed could not become widespread. Not now, when tensions across the Four Nations were still as
raw as the emotions of a slighted king. Not ever, as long as humans were still human.
Kavik had asked what she would do with his brother and Chaisee.
Reporting them to a head of state would cause Unanimity—she had a hard time setting aside the name—to leak into a world willing to fight over any
scrap of advantage. She couldn’ t risk taking drastic action perso nally either ,
not when Chaisee might have had more assets than just the three benders she knew about. As Yangchen had learned, an entire city could be held
hostage.
The answer, had she been willing to give it to Kavik, was nothing. In her current state she could do nothing about Chaisee and his brother . For
now, they were immune. Or at least Chaisee was. She could sit comfortably

for the time being and receive the upside Unanimity was originally supposed to provide, with none of the drawbacks Henshe had suf fered.
The Zongdu of Jonduri understood Yangchen’ s hands were tied. Before her journey to see the Earth King, she’d received a message by hawk. The
only sentence the tiny scroll contained was a taunt, even shorter than a koan.
Wise move. Yangchen had made no move, could make no move, and
Chaisee knew it.
She’d been forced to become Mama’ s ideal Avatar . Waiting calmly ,
virtuously , while her opponents smiled at her from across the board. They could chisel a statue of her in this state.
She dropped Nujian’ s altitude when the lonely peak of the Northern
Temple came into view . Pik and Pak would be waiting for her there, angry with her again, but she had to see to other matters first. She flew over the
town and its hospital without stopping, and wove her way between the valleys, following trails of gravel between steep slopes of ice and rock.
A thin seam of green opened before her. Around the mountains there were a few completely isolated pockets of flat land that were nearly
impossible to discover without an aerial view . Most of them went ignored,
but a few had small hamlets that could be sustained as long as crucial supplies arrived regularly .
Yangchen descended upon the level patch. It contained a garden, three small stone hutches, and a natur al spring of bubbling water . The view over
the impa ssable terrain was starkly beautiful, curtains of clouds pulled back to reveal a stage that took the elements countless eras to dress.
She jumped down from Nujian. Abbot Sonam, leader of the Northern
Temple, was there to meet her. They walked side by side, even though they didn’ t have much space to stroll . She knew it was because he couldn’ t bear
to look her in the eye.
The disappointment and resentm ent in Sonam’ s voice was thick enough to hold up the sky . “You have made jailers of us,” he said.
Across the patch of land, diggin g in the garden on his hands and knees,
was one of Chaisee’ s benders. The one named Thapa.
Six Airbenders from the Northern Temple surrounded him at a safe distance. They , and the monks who replaced them in shifts , had been
selected from a community of pacifists for their martial prowess. They

maintained a vigil over Thapa, like their brothers were doing for Y ingsu and
Xiaoyun in separate plots of land along the mountains.
Constant alertne ss throughout the hours of the day, watching mindfully in the moment, came naturally to them. The task was similar to the funerary
rites Air Nomads were sometimes asked to perform across the Four
Nations. A useful meditation, if she really wanted to stretch the definition of “shaped teachings.”
The monks parted to let Yangch en through. They had orders to subdue their charge if he made any aggressive moves, and that included the buildup
necessary to perform his special technique. Kavik had managed to observe
Xiaoyun through a window during the tail. Befor e each explosion they have to do a lot of deep, heavy br eathing.
Thapa looked up at her, wiped his smooth, prominent forehead, and grinned. “A vatar .”
She kept as impassive as she could. “Y ou enjoy gardening?”
“I do. Your brethren gave me some mountain flower seeds that do well in winte r.” His smile widened. “But whether I’ll get to see them bloom is
another matter . How long are you planning to keep me here?”
“That depends on if you answer my questions.” Wher e did you learn this technique? Who taught it to you? What was Zongdu Chaisee’ s
involvement? Yangchen had interrogated each of the Firebenders separately .
And gotten absolutely nothing so far .
“Mmm, I still don’t think I’m ready to share yet,” Thapa said. “I’m rather enjoying my little vacatio n. Wealthy people pay large sums of money
for this kind of setup, you know? Yesterday I saw the most beau tiful sunset of my life.” He tapped his blunted trowel on a rock.
Despite Thapa’ s ease with his surroundings, Y angchen knew she had not converted him to the monastic life. He was stalling. He knew exactly how
untenable the situation was for her . All three of her “special guests” did.
At first, she’d wondered if they were fanatics to some cause of
Chaisee’ s, or wayward travelers like Jujinta, searching for a purpose to go along with their immense power . But after spending time with them, she’d
come to realize they were something far more dangerous.
They were opportunists. Smart ones.
The Firebenders understood their own value, and that it was better to be in the Avatar ’s custody instead of an unscrupulous authority who would

grind them to dust to extract their secrets. So they kept their lips sealed.
Chaisee? They didn’ t know a Chaisee. The most they’d admit to was being hired by Zongdu Henshe to do exactly as he commanded. Prior to that, they
might as well have never existed.
Knowing Yangchen possessed no leverage over them, they seemed content to wait her out until the situation broke their way. The opportunity
to escape would present itself. Or someone would find out where they were and come for them. She couldn’ t keep them as hermits in the mountains
forever , and they knew it.
Henshe and Yangchen were both wrong to think of them as merely pieces on the board. They were players in their own right, hungry to
improve their position. And they muddied the waters to the point where she could no longer see in front of her own face.
How long befor e I surrender? Yangchen thought. How long befor e I beg the White Lotus to take you? A last resort. She didn’ t want a secret society
to have their power any more than she was content to let Chaisee keep it.
Information tended to spread. The Earth King would draw closer to these benders by the day. So would the Fire Lord and the High Chieftain,
investigating the incident in Bin-Er through informants and rumors.
Yangchen was flying through a dark, dangerous gorge, and her room to maneuver was rapidly shrinking around her shoulders.
“Let me know if you change your mind,” she said to Thapa. “Else we might put your talents to the summer barley .” She turned around and went
back to Nujian, Sonam following her for the short return trip.
“You cannot keep them here that long!” the abbot whispered once they were both on the other side of her bison. “What you have done to your
brothers is an abomination!”
“I’m sorry but I had no choice . I will apologize to each of them for forcing such an abhorrent task into their hands.”
“No, Avatar.” Sonam shook his head, sad that she’d missed the point.
“The problem is that they might enjoy the job too much.”
He glanced over to the monks guarding Thapa. They were young men,
strong benders all. “Holding dominion over another human being is a mighty temptati on,” Sonam said. “If we developed a taste for such power ,
began to crave it . . .”

“Then we would no longer be Air Nomads,” Yangchen said. Sonam handed her Nujian’ s reins. “Just go,” he said. “Please.”
Her next stop was less of a hassle. Zongdu Henshe was nowh ere near as difficult to guard.
In fact, they’d given him a room that was part of the Air Temple itself,
one of the struc tures built into the stone farther down the slope, below the gently overhang ing cliffs. His accommodations were as good as any
honored guest of the Air Nomads.
He’d still raged the whole first day and night, unable to absorb the fact that his alternat ive was the Earth King’ s hospitality . It became clear very
quickly that he was not the true mastermind behind the scheme. Chaisee had successfully kept him in the dark about most of Unanimity’ s details.
She still had to check on him though. Yangchen knocked on his door and entered. Henshe looked up from where he sat on the bed. He hadn’ t
availed himself of any of the books they’d given him except to hurl them at the walls. They lay scattered in the corners, spines bent, pages torn.
He seemed to be in a calmer state now, perhaps helped by the small pillow he squeezed his fingers into over and over. “I understand my
predicament,” he said to Yangchen by way of greeting. “But I understand yours too. How much time do you really think you have before the truth
slips through your fingers and is loosed upon the world?”
“I have exactly as much as you do,” she said.
Henshe was caught off guard by her ominous but true statement. He shook his head and continued. “I have something to trade.”
“What?”
“A name. A person.” His lips pressed into lines of smugness. “I have a deep plant in Chaisee’ s organization, very high up, very trusted by her. If
you had his identity, you could threaten to burn him to Chaisee. He’d be forced to turn to your side. Y ou could use him to take her down.”
Henshe got up from the bed. “Here’s the deal,” he said. “You clear me of any wrongdoing, convincingl y, and make me whole from my losses. I’ll
give you this person’ s name, description, family . What do you say?”
He was trying to sell out Kavik’ s brother . Kalyaan. The one Yangchen already knew about.

“I don’ t want it,” she said.
“What? But I can—”
“I said I don’t want your information.” If Kavik had ever given her a gift, it was the look on Henshe’ s face right now. “Goodbye, Zongdu. Until
we next talk.”
He at least had the courtesy to wait for the door to close before screaming and throwing the pillow .
The tower stairs never seemed to end. Onward and inward they circled,
sending Yangch en into loops upon loops. If she were a spider -snake, she would have swallowed her own tail at least a dozen times. She trudged
higher , taking each step slowly .
The handle of the bucket bit into her palms, the contents sloshing over her toes. She needed the wate r to drink and wash. She would know its
weight. The interior of the tower was speared through with warm light coming through its windows. The sunset. She ignored it.
She reached the Avatar ’s quarters of the Northern Temple. She used them so rarely when she visited, preferring to stay in the visitor ’s
dormitories with her sisters, that she hadn’ t exercised her right to decorate it yet. The interior remained in the exact same state A vatar Szeto had left it.
She shouldered the door open and put the bucket down. The room was completely empty except for the bed and the desk. The walls were bare. To
an outside observer , Szeto would look like a man who clearly had nothing to hide.
What a messy life that was. She slumped into her predecessor ’s austere chair and squeezed her head between her hands. The gray fuzz. Back with a
vengeance.
Only one thought was sharp enough to cut through the fog, and it repeated itself over and over. It called to her as deeply as the dark wells of
Ma’inka, grew in strength until it was as loud as the roaring waves of
Jonduri.
She could stop.
After she dealt with the Firebenders, after she dealt with the Earth King and Bin-Er, after she dealt with Henshe and Chaisee and Kavik and his
brother—and why not, Mama and the White Lotus as well—she could stop

trying to reshape the world. What had she been doing, throwing herself headlong against suffering where she found it? Where had she not
multiplied the people’ s miseries instead?
She should stop.
She’d still be the Avatar . The figurehead, the object of veneration you turned to well after desperation had latched its hooks into your flesh. As
Lohi of the Saowon had proven, that was what peopl e asked for first and valued most. The problem addressed, not prevented. The salve, not the cure.
Her heritage provided the perfect excuse to withdraw . She’d embrace negative jing and retreat far, far away , becoming a mountain peak that
humanity could see but never reach. They’d be better off. She wouldn’ t hurt anyone with her mistakes.
She wouldn’ t save anyone either .
Yangchen was struck by how little the prospect weighed on her. She didn’ t feel guilty for considering the future lived over the future earned. She
didn’ t feel much of anything. Her parade through Bin-Er might as well have happened in another life, on the other side of a boundary marked by regret.
The blankness she had to push away every morning could be allowed permanent resid ence in her body , her heart, and her gut. She could embrace
it fully . She didn’ t owe anyone anything.
I’d have time to find Jetsun.
She heard a whoosh and a thump , and her head jerked up. Another whoosh, another thump, and Abbot Sonam was standing outside the door
she’d forgotten to close. “Avatar,” he said, huffing and puffing. His head had beaded over with sweat.
Had he spin-jum ped up the tower? He wouldn’ t have acted so rashly had it not been important. She stood up quickly in alarm. “What is it? The
Firebenders? Henshe?”
“No.” The smile on his face outshone the flushed glow of his skin. “I’m so sorry that I forgot to tell you. I mean, it was understandab le given the
circumstances, with all the goings-on and—”
“Abbot, please.”
Sonam caught his breath. “Do you remember that woman in the hospital?” he said. “The one you healed with your W aterbender friend?”
Yangchen needed a moment to recall. The patient whom she would have lost if it hadn’ t been for Kavik ’s help. They’d done that toget her at least.

The extra pair of hands had paid of f.
But the memory was bitterswee t. There was a reason why she hadn’ t wanted to think about it much. “What about her?”
“We found her son. We found her missing son! The search party found him just in time! He’ s alive and well!”
Yangchen blinked slowly . Her voice came out a creak. “Oh. Good.
That’ s good.”
“Without you and your compan ion—Kavik, was it? Without the two of you saving his mother , we would never have rescued the boy.” Sonam
beamed brighter than the sun had over the mountains. “Avatar , you never gave up on her . Don’ t you remember?”
Did she remember . She always remembered. Her lip trembled and she began to weep. The abbot smiled, thinking happiness, alone and pure, had
brought tears to her eyes. He didn’t know that he’d dragged her back from the edge in shackles. Sentenced her to another turn of the wheel.
Yangchen could pretend all she wanted but it was no use. She would remain the instrument of her own suffering. She’d keep fighting, keep
struggling, just like she’d commanded the unconscious woman to do in the hospital. It was her fate to make the same choice over and over again, as
generations of Avatars had done before her. To know the past was to know the future.
“They’re still in town,” the abbot said. “I can take you to them now .”
She saw their ages reversed, Sonam the youth sparkling with energy,
she the eroded, weary fixture. “Tomorrow . We’ll have plenty of time tomorrow . No need to rush.”
The abbot bowed and left. She stood motionless where she was, until the sun finished setting and only darkness filled the window . She decided to
turn in early . She still had much to do, and she would need her strength.
High in her tower , Yangchen went to bed. And for once fell into a deep,
dreamless, restful sleep.
OceanofPDF .com

E P I L O G U E
Kavik heard Yangchen’ s name on people’ s lips often these days as he moved through the streets of a slowly recovering Bin-Er . It was the young
Avatar who’d put a stop to the spirit attacks, they said, just like she’d done in Tienhaishi. Since then she’d been spotted flying in and out of the city
regularly , never leaving for too long, and there hadn’ t been any more ravages through the sky. She’d become humanity’ s champion when they
needed her most.
The residents of Bin-Er also took comfort in the increased presence of
Air Nomads from the Northern T emple, who normally didn’ t linger long but now could be seen in every neighborhood. Monks and visiting nuns
distributed food and clothing while the flow of supplies returned to normal.
They lent a sense of calm and peace with their presence, while also giving the impression they formed a shield of sorts against further depredations by
spirit or man.
All signs pointed to this theory being true. The Earth King had not invaded. The shangs and their headkickers had stayed out of sight, as if
rightfully shamed by the increased attention upon Bin-Er . The control offices suddenly found their ink, and people started going home.
Even stranger , folks who’d fled the city came back of their own accord,
down from the mountains. Some of them professed to have been healed by the Avatar herself, claimed to be alive only due to her graces. It was among
these returnees where belief was strongest. Little shrines of wildflowers popped up overnight on street corners. “Yangchen’ s steps,” they were
jokingly named, as if life bloomed wherever the Avatar ’s feet touched the ground. But some people called them that without irony , and any time one
of the arrangements was thrown out or blown away , it was quickly replaced.
Everywhere, Kavik was reminded of the Avatar . Knowing she could see him if she wanted to but didn’ t was the lightest punishment possible for his

transgression. It still hurt. He assumed Jujinta, Akuudan, and Tayagum had learned the truth, as they hadn’ t visited either .
He wandered the streets as if he still had the responsibility of an
Avatar ’s companion. He knew this was what Jujinta must have been doing in Jond uri, drifting until his purpose came along. Kavik had already
squandered two perfectly good ones.
But one night, while he was aimlessly skirting the square, his irrelevance came to a grinding halt.
A Water Tribe man appeared twice in the corner of Kavik’ s eye. He still had the Northern gait of walking softly so as not to break throug h ice crusts
or overturn gravel, which meant he was new to the city. After Kavik paused to have a mean ingless conver sation with a shopkeeper he’d never met
before, he observed over his shoulder the same Water Tribe man paying special attention to the storefront from afar, in case it was a safe house or a
handof f point.
There was no doubt about it. Kavik was being tailed.
Despite his quickening pulse he slowly , calmly went through his list of moves, executing broken paths, double-backs, every maneuver he could
think of. Nothing worked. He couldn’ t shake the man, who must have been a hunter and tracker far beyond Kavik’ s skill, possibly the equal of Kalyaan.
Sometimes you could just walk down your prey , even if it spotted you.
As his options for escape were taken away one by one, Kavik found himself at the alley wall he’d climbed over when he thought he was
breaking any link between his actions at the Blue Manse and his home life.
He hadn ’t been able to fool the Avatar . He looked up, just in case. The skies were clear . He bent a ladder of ice like he’d done that night.
It melted underneath his feet while he was halfway up.
His face scraped along the brick work on the way down, a stinging rash against his skin. He landed in a heap. His follower appeared at the other end
of the alley .
Kavik reached around him for water but the man had already drawn the nearby sources to himself, the puddles, the melt from the roofto ps, spinning
the growing mass between his hands with expertise. Their shared element flew to him alone in droplets and streams, leaving Kavik with nothing.
Kavik was split between pretending to be helpless and ignorant, and fighting back with every ounce of strength he had. The one thing he could

be sure of was that he would not talk. Even if it was kill or be killed, he was not going to be part of any more games. He was done.
And then he heard a dull thud.
The water the man was bending splashed to the ground. He fell forward onto his knees, and then onto his face, revealing Mama Ayunerak standing
several paces behind him.
The elderly woman tucked some unseen weapon under the back of her parka. Kavik had never been so confused in his life. With the spryness of a
person half her age, Ayunerak went over to the man she’d knocked unconscious and started digging through his pockets, running her hand
down his collar for anything looped around his neck, searching his skin for marks and tattoos.
“What is going on?” Kavik asked, his breath short as if he’d been running. He hadn’ t seen A yunerak since giving her the A vatar ’s money .
“This man is a Thin Claw ,” Ayunerak said, her focus never wavering from her task. “A scout loyal only to High Chieftain Oyaluk. The fact that
he was following you means your involvement in Unanimity and its secrets are uncomfortably close to reaching the light of day .”
Hearing the code name on some one else’s lips was a shock. It made him forget any kind of discipline, took from him the ability to play dumb. “How
did you—How do you know about that?”
“It’s my job to know things, Kavik. My friends and I know a great deal.” Mama Ayunerak looked up at him with the same cool, assessing eye
the Avatar used when she’d recruited him. “And I think it’s high time you joined us.”
TO BE CONTINUED . . .
OceanofPDF .com

A C K N O W L E D G M E N T S
Special thanks to Michael Dante DiMartino, Bryan Konietzko, and the entire Avatar team for making it all possible. Very special thanks to my
editor , Anne Heltzel, and agent, Stephen Barr, for guiding me through ups and downs and ups again. And very, very, very special thanks to all the fans
of every A vatar . And I almost for got about Karen.

OceanofPDF .com

Loved the book?
Check out our entire catalog of great novels, graphic novels, and non-fiction for young adults and middle-grade readers at Amulet Books !
Hungry for more Y A?
Take a with sneak piques , behind-the-scenes, interviews and much more inspired
by our latest Y A books at piquebeyond.com !
OceanofPDF .com

OceanofPDF .com