Title: part of the group. Free will wasn’ t the reason they’d all come together either; Akuudan and T ayagum would have preferred their peaceful (Part 5)

stubbed toe and bad harvest in their life. As if you personally controlled the chain of events that make up history .”
Yangchen knew exactly what Chaisee was doing. The veiled threat in one hand, the sympathetic remarks in the other . She was trying to turn her .
She was trying to turn the A vatar into one of her assets. Her boldness knew no bounds.
There was hardly any dif ference between this conversation and the one she’d had with Kavik in his bedroom. How did one best soften the tar get?
By telling them a story they wanted desperately to believe.
“Perhaps humanity should bear greater responsibility for its own fate,”
Chaisee said. “I’ve always believed in bettering my position, and that the burden to do so is mine alone. I’d wager that if the A vatar didn’ t exist, we
ordinary mortals would act less foolishly .”
“And yet I do exist.”
“You do. And you must be accounted for .” Chaisee drew another deep breath. “A vatar , in our final afternoon working session, I’m going to
propose a change to the shang system that will cause quite a stir . I would appreciate your complete and unwavering support in the matter .”
“What are your demands?”
To the bitter end, the edge of the clif f and over , Chaisee’ s discipline held. “Not a demand,” she said calmly . “A path to a better future. I wish for
the of fice of zongdu to become lifetime and hereditary .”
Yangchen could hear the last tile click. She could finally see the combination completed. Her opponent aimed high, went for the lar gest
hand. “Under such a regime, I would remain in control of Jonduri and all of the trade that flows through it,” Chaisee said. “Upon my death, the title and
responsibilities would pass to my heir .”
“What about T aku, Bin-Er , Port T uugaq?”
“Not my concern.” Chaisee gave her a sly smile. “I could run all those cities just as well. But I’m not greedy . Controlling every sanctioned point of
contact between the Four Nations feels like an overreach.”
Yangchen understood the sentiment. Chaisee had managed to dominate both Henshe and Iwashi by unof ficial means; there was no reason for her to
have her name stamped everywhere on the map. “I think you’ll find this arrangement appealing the more you consider it,” she said. “I am the most
competent of ficial to hold this position in the history of the shang system. I

have a vested interest in teaching my own flesh and blood to be equally diligent. I would provide a bedrock of stability in uncertain times.”
Yangchen did consider the scenario. Not only from her own perspective, but from the memories she could plumb as well. T o try to carve
out a land for oneself from the established Four Nations in the current day and age would be the greatest of follies, except … this was how you’d do it.
Slip into an in-between place to lay your foundation. Focus on amassing not territory but wealth. Prove your usefulness on the world stage
to the powers that be.
And most of all, protect your little fiefdom with the threat of disproportionate retribution.
“The terms would need to be ratified by the Earth King, Fire Lord, and
Chief of the W ater T ribe,” Chaisee said. “Y our passionate endorsement with the heads of state will again be required. But I foresee few objections in the
end. I simply make everyone too much money not to get my way .”
The Zongdu of Jonduri, in her moment of triumph, held up her finger and yawned into her elbow . “Apologies; you don’ t get much sleep as a new
parent. Even with the time away from home, I haven’ t caught up.”
Yangchen waited while she blinked and rubbed the skin under her tear ducts.
Chaisee exhaled, collected herself, and resumed where she left of f. “I
would not ask you to go against your own aims, A vatar ,” she said. “No fresh tragedy would sprout from your acquiescence. The Four Nations
would not change for the worse; in fact, there are upsides to our relationship continuing.”
“You mean to imply that you’re a known quantity . A rational actor .”
“Exactly . Better I remain a fixture in your era than a rotating crop of fools. There are many favors we can do for each other .”
A good asset delivered consistently over time. W ith Unanimity in her possession, Chaisee could extort the A vatar forever . She could write a
personal and secret history to her own liking, out of view of the lar ger world. Chaisee reached out and patted Yangchen’ s hand. “T ake the gift I’ve
handed you. Allow me to secure my legacy . And then, who knows?
Together we might work on yours.”
Everyone could win. “I would only have to ignore the steps you took to arrive here,” Y angchen murmured.

“What’s done is done and can’t be undone,” Chaisee said with a raise

of her shoulders. “Let’s not assign too much weight to the past when the

future is all that matters.”

No one would know if Yangchen took the deal on offer, except her and

any of her successors unfortunate enough to have a strong memory. And

that guilt, that sacrifice had never been an impediment before. Bearing the

weight of knowledge silently in this case would save the most lives. Help

the most people.

Yangchen layered her other hand atop Chaisee’s. “I think we can

ultimately come to a solution.”

CHOOSING SIDES
That was the trouble with younger siblings, wasn’ t it? T ell them to do one thing and they’d immediately do the opposite, was how the complaint
usually went. Ignoring his brother ’s commands, Kavik leaped over the back of the bench into the fray .
He was on a team. The White Lotus might not have been the only team he was on, it might not have been the perfect team, but it far outranked
Chaisee’ s association, whose flag he’d burned long ago.
One of T ael’s squad was a W aterbender . Kavik reached out and felt around for their common weapon, quickly frisking the tar get from behind at
a distance with his bending. He found the concealed ring-shaped tube full of water around the man’ s waist and pulled.
He’d been hoping to burst a seam or twist the spout around, but instead he ended up yanking the wearer backward, dragging him across the street.
Kavik cursed the quality craftsmanship that was apparently to be found everywhere in T aku and worked the still-trapped water as best he could,
pulling the ring bladder up the man’ s torso, forcing his arms above his head like a child refusing to change clothes.
Kalyaan tackled Kavik to the ground. While he kicked away his brother ’s attempts to restrain him, Kavik constricted the loop of water with
all of his might, compressing the association man’ s neck against his own shoulder , blocking the blood flow to his head. His victim passed out as the
pouch burst, spraying its contents everywhere.
Kalyaan managed to twist one of Kavik’ s arms into a hammerlock.
“You numbskull!” he hissed. He hauled Kavik up right before a tiny arrow embedded itself in the dirt with a thff, narrowly missing them both.
One of the non-benders on T ael’s side racked some kind of mechanism under his shirtsleeve and pointed his wrist at them again. Kavik had
violated neutrality . Now he was fair game.

As if to reassure his underling, Kalyaan quickly plucked the arrow out of the ground and water -whipped it into the leg of a White Lotus agent. The
young woman stumbled in surprise and keeled over , retching violently . The tip had been poisoned.
Three sharp knuckle jabs laced their way up Kavik’ s spine, and suddenly the world slowed, the chaos smothered under a blanket of
numbness. He could have made out each flap of a dragonfly-hummingbird’ s wings. His legs were teetering stilts, liable to collapse at any moment.
Kalyaan grabbed him by the hair and shoved his head down, leading him through the fray in a broken rhythm, stutter -stepping through halts and
fits, wrenching him this way and that like a doomed ice-dodging ship. He heard bodies come together in tight embraces, the ensuing grunts and
coughs, the strain and muf fled cracks of bones breaking, the wet squelch of sharpness cleaving flesh.
Kalyaan stopped them short. A man collapsed like a fallen log across their path, his life spilling from his neck. Kavik couldn’ t tell which side he
belonged to, nor make out who dragged him away behind cover . Friend and foe blurred in a sick treaty of cooperation. Don’ t get caught the highest law
of the land.
Kavik had been caught, though, the first and only loser by these rules.
He tried to raise his head, resist Kalyaan’ s seeming insistence on him not looking. He saw Do and T ael stalking each other through the struggle. They
came to grips inside each other ’s pocket, mutually , horrifically vulnerable.
A quick exchange of feints led to a single trapped limb and then it was over without a proper start. Do slumped to his knees, his face white, his lips
pressed together in a grimace. T ael kept the knife embedded in his chest like a handle and quickly clamped his other hand over Do’ s mouth and nose to
suffocate him faster .
Do locked eyes with Kavik as he died in silence. W ith one last spiteful glare, the Firebender raised his fingers. A thin orange jet lanced outward
and seared Kalyaan’ s arm, loosening his grip. Kavik stumbled free.
The White Lotus agent had given his life to his cause. Kavik couldn’ t waste the chance by looking back. He fled, if flight could describe his
lurching, crumpled escape to the far street corner .
He rounded the bend into an alley . Before he could take another step,
someone grabbed him by the shoulder , turned him around, and slammed

him against the brick wall. Tael. His brother’s hound had run him down.

The knife pressed to Kavik’s windpipe was sticky with Do’s blood.
Kavik could read Tael’s face even through his lingering daze. The

association man was considering whether this family spat was worth the

hassle, and whether an on-mission accident might not be the cleanest exit for the parties involved. The boss-boss’s little brother was an ever-growing

liability. Why not show some initiative?

Kavik couldn’t raise his hands to defend himself. He sucked on his

cheeks. Meeting death with a stupid face was the best he could do.

Tael recentered his grip on his knife so he could better draw the blade

across Kavik’s throat, a practiced butcher. “Spit on me, will you?”

Well, yeah, if you’re going to be a slow learner about it
. Kavik blew

out the only source of water he had, the saliva in his mouth, focusing the

moisture into tiny needles of ice with his lips. The shards sprayed across

Tael’s eyes.

The association man recoiled with a scream, the first real sound of pain

anyone had made yet. Surely someone would notice.

Kavik left him behind and scraped along the alley wall in the direction

he thought the city might be, the real city full of normal people who went

about their normal business without a care, and not this world of unclean

spirits behind him. The morning sun shone through the gap ahead. If he

could reach a busy street, slip inside a group of clerks heading to their jobs,
then he’d be safe, shielded by witnesses—

His shoulder, instead of landing on brick, met empty air. The alley had

a door alcove, deep enough to hide an ambush. The person who’d been

waiting in the recession sank his knife into Kavik’s exposed flank.

Huh
, he thought.

Felt like getting punched
. A warm trickle ran down

his side, the flow of blood almost embarrassing. The most private, intimate