Title: Part of the dif ficulty was remembering her own lies. Concocted events were like a vision she had to force herself into having, unlike the ones that (Part 1)

grabbed her so easily in her sleep. “The Earth King’ s neglect of Bin-Er caused the sky fires to blossom. They’ve stopped since I took over .” The
more she repeated the fake story , the deeper its roots would take hold. She hoped.
“It doesn’ t matter if Feishan is right or wrong about the cause,” Oyaluk said. “What matters is he’ s moving troops and reportedly muttering about
revenge as he stalks the halls of his palace. My Thin Claws have confirmed the former . One can hide their intentions in front of a seventeen-year -old
Air Nomad who believes the best in people, but they can’ t hide thousands of men marching down a road.”
Yangchen wanted to scream loud enough to disperse the whirlwind.
The simplest explanation for Feishan’ s surge in aggression was that someone had leaked the truth about Unanimity to him.
The White Lotus knew about the existence of the Firebenders. More likely than not, one of them had betrayed their ranks. The secret society was
supposed to be nationless, but it was made up of human beings with pasts and loyalties and ties of their own. Maybe the secret had been sold for
money . As far as she knew , the or ganization didn’ t pay its members anything.
Worst of all, she was the reason why the White Lotus had such a complete picture of Unanimity . She was glad she’d kept the fate of the

Firebenders hidden from them. I never should have asked Mama A yunerak for help in Port T uugaq. I never should have asked anyone for help .
“I have to respond,” Oyaluk said. “I have to mobilize my own armies.
If hostilities break out, the advantage will go to the side who strikes first,
and the W ater T ribe must be ready .”
“Ready for what? Their chief to plunge them into a senseless conflict?”
“We’re not Air Nomads, A vatar!” Oyaluk snapped. “Lest you for get,
we can’ t all fly away at the first sign of trouble with our nobility intact! The rest of us have to survive down here on the ground!”
He wagged his jaw side to side and lowered his voice again. “I have to buy my generals as much time as possible by attending the convocation
with a smile, lest I tip of f Feishan. It’ s never pleasant to sit down with an enemy under false pretenses.”
She knew the feeling well. Y angchen’ s words came out like they were fighting through mud. “Y ou are racing toward a war you don’ t want …
predicated on information you know to be false … while acting like nothing out of the ordinary is happening in the meantime.” Her slowness wasn’ t
born of disbelief. It was because she’d seen these exact events play out too many times to count.
“It’s the only rational course of action. I know Fire Lord Gonryu must have rejected your proposal as well. Not out of any secret communication
between us, but because he thinks the same way I do.”
“Fearfully .”
“Realistically . I wish the circumstances were dif ferent, A vatar . But they’re not.”
Out of deference he waited for her to end the discussion. The winds died down without her continued ef fort and the two of them became part of
the outside world once more. Y angchen had come to Oyaluk’ s table with nothing to of fer but the path to a better future. How poor a gift she’d
brought her host.
She was tired and hollowed in a way she’d rarely been since her battle with Old Iron. It took so much work to raise the beam an inch. So slight a
breeze to knock it crashing down.
“I’d appreciate privacy for the rest of my stay ,” she said, her voice raspy with defeat. “Thank you for hosting me. And for … hearing me out.”

“Of course, Avatar.” He sounded genuinely sorry. The most she could

extract from him. “You will always be welcome in my hall.”

Her exit was heralded by the babbling of water, the falling streams

suddenly loud and penetrating. When she was halfway across the floor, the

chief cleared his throat. She turned around.

Distance obscured Oyaluk’s features. His shape against the night sky

blotted out the stars behind him, leaving a gap of head and shoulders. He

looked alone. Terribly alone. She knew he had the exact same view of her.
“My cousin Akuudan,” the chief said. “Is he well?”

“He is.” Akuudan had been one of the quartermasters guarding the

funds the Water Tribe Chief and Fire Lord sent to General Nong. After he’d

been captured by the Earth King’s armies in the decisive battle, Yangchen

had been the one to free him, not Oyaluk.

“He knows I couldn’t get involved,” Oyaluk said. “Had our link been

discovered, he would have become too valuable a hostage. He would have

become leverage. He knows this, right?”

Underneath, he was asking if Akuudan had forgiven him for making

the choice of a ruler instead of a family member. Yangchen couldn’t speak

for her friend.

“You did the rational thing,” she said. She turned again and walked

away.

THE SPIRIT OASIS
Business over family was a balancing act Y angchen knew well. She’d planned her North Pole visit so she could attend to both. Maybe she should
have swapped the order . Prioritizing matters of state hadn’ t helped her with
Oyaluk.
The search for her sister had brought Y angchen back to the Spirit
Oasis, a tiered puzzle box. W ater inside land inside water inside ice, behind an unassuming wooden door . The cove, cut into the depths of Agna Qel’a,
had been created without the touch of human hands, possibly by T ui and
La, the Moon and Ocean Spirits. Y angchen had better cause to believe the story than most.
As she crossed one of the arched bridges to the small green island at the center of the oasis, she was bathed in warmth. Underneath her feet, the
waters were still and reflectionless, and her steps drummed against the planks louder than she wanted them to, announcing her presence.
She could smell the ever -ripe satsuma, the always-blooming osmanthus, the lush vegetation nurtured and kept at the peak of vitality by
the ener gies of the oasis, heedless of the season and temperature outside. It was a good thing she hadn’ t brought Pik and Pak. They would have gor ged
on the fruits until the sacred site was barren.
The pool at the heart of the North was not a perfect circle. One lip bowed inward as if T ui and La knew people, with their needs and desires
and weaknesses, would come to the edge of the water in search of guidance.
The spirits had granted human beings a nice place to sit. Y angchen knelt down on the grass and pulled her legs under her into the lotus position.
The eternal koi swam in an endless loop before her , their wake lapping against the sides of their pond, their entire universe. Y angchen had drunk
the customary tea brewed from leaves plucked from one of the bushes of the oasis itself, and borrowed vigor coursed through her veins.

She had to be present, vigilant. The Spirit Oasis was a place of ultimate peace. It could easily become a place of unspeakable danger .
Her knuckles met in her lap, touching arrow point to arrow point. A fist opens or closes. It cannot do both at once .
She had meditated to search for Jetsun in the Spirit W orld before,
many times, always slipping through the veil with ease. She would relax,
close her eyes, and then open them to the sourceless light, find herself standing in a verdant field or a welcoming forest. Spirits, silent and
chattery , would greet her , great mute trees bowing solemnly at the trunk until their canopies brushed the ground, toadstools singing in five-tone
harmony . A bestiary might gather , animal-shaped spirits flocking to
Yangchen out of inquisitiveness, hoofed and winged creatures taking turns to nuzzle her outstretched hand.
The spirits who could and would talk required the most caution.
Yangchen had thought about why they could be so unsettling, why so much judgment lay behind their eyes when they had eyes. Jetsun had given her
the answer , long ago. Spirits rarely asked questions or struggled with discontent. They simply existed.
Which meant in any encounter , you were always the one bothering them. The fault had already been decided. Humans were intruders by
nature.
This would be the first time she meditated at the Spirit Oasis using the clue the phoenix-eels of Ma’inka had dangled before her , the vision they’d
tormented her with. The fog. I need to find the fog . Sometimes a traveler could cross over to a known location in the Spirit W orld if their
determination and focus were suf ficient. Pictur e the fog .
The skin on the back of her palms tightened, distending the arrows tattooed there. She couldn’ t shake the frustrations of the day . Business first
had been the wrong decision.
Oyaluk’ s rejection of peace was a story immemorial. The Four Nations were always trying their level best to march of f a clif f. And here she was,
the latest A vatar attempting to drag them back from the edge. None of her past lives had succeeded in curbing the self-destructive nature of humanity .
If a child given every comfort won’ t stop scr eaming, leave it in the field.

Over her closed eyes, Y angchen’ s brow pinched. The strange,
uncharitable koan bounced around her head, a flapping bird in search of the cage’ s exit. She wondered who let it in.
Then she remembered. It was a lesson from the pamphlet of Guru
Shoken. The ancient philosopher whose works she’d been introduced to by
Zongdu Chaisee of all people.
She made a little sound with her nose, ruf fling the quiet of the oasis.
Maybe Shoken was right. Maybe the world, blithely dancing along the precipice, needed to know what it was like to fall.
The common misconception about meditation was that you were supposed to completely erase the slate of your mind. Untrue. Thoughts were allowed
to come and go. The duty of the meditator was to observe them until they passed, proving you and your mind’ s chatter were not one and the same.
But this idea, humanity being left to reap exactly what it sowed, stuck with Y angchen like a burr clinging to her robes. It lingered too long without
her being able to sequester it.
She was still savoring the taste of vindictiveness when the physical realm tilted backward on its axis and the Spirit W orld swallowed her whole.
Yangchen tumbled along a patch of unknown ground, flailing without grace, her upturned robes trapping her limbs. An entrance this ungainly
meant her body had passed through the boundary and not just her spirit.
She found her feet like an Earthbender: sensing the plane of ground and then lowering her center below her axis as soon as her feet touched
down. Her roll turned into a skid into a crouch. She stood up and arranged her shawl back into place with one hand, on her guard.
She wasn’ t in the cheery meadows that had foiled her search so many times in the past. Nothing grew on the loose, rocky soil as far as the eye
could see. The sky was the color of an angry sunset, a harsh, overdyed orange.

Well, this is differ ent. Maybe the ugliness of her thoughts as she made the crossing had af fected where she’d landed. She tried to take a step
forward but sensed a tug on her leg like it was a lodestone needle. A nudge that threatened to become stronger .
Fight the unseen forces or follow them. For now , Yangchen chose the path of least resistance. She hiked in the direction she was allowed and soon
found herself descending a gradual slope.
A sheet of white mist appeared around her ankles. When a shadow loomed over her path, she looked up and saw massive talons of stone
curling in on her , each one a predator ’s claw the size of an Air T emple tower .
The hand closes . Jetsun, wrapped in gauzy vapor . Yangchen’ s own nightmares had laid out the carpet for her . She was on the right track.
The shawl around her shoulders felt heavier as she walked downhill,
the scratchiness of her robes rubbing her knees raw . Her clothes were damp.
From the mist, her own fear -sweat, both. The fog rose higher than her head.
Yangchen nearly ran smack into a sheer rock wall and, after feeling which way it twisted, came to realize she was entering the mouth of a
canyon. Never mind hands, what does a mouth do? She fumbled along the wall for guidance, as if the rules of common sense still applied and she were
navigating a simple maze. The other side could close on her faster than expected and wedge her into a trap. It attaches to a thr oat. It consumes .
Instead of slowing down she began to shuf fle through the mist faster ,
switched to a light brush of her fingertips against the rock so she could jog.
Not showing enough courage in the Spirit W orld was how she lost Jetsun.
Suffering from the same mistake was inexcusable. Shoken would have agreed.
An outline of solidness flickered of f to the side and she abandoned the canyon wall in pursuit. The mists were uneven and dotted with thinner
pockets that wandered like floating strands in the eye. There the figure went again, meandering in the opposite direction.
Yangchen decided to take the risk and inhaled deeply . “Jetsun?” she called out.
The echo that came back did not belong to her .
Dozens and dozens of unfamiliar voices assaulted her ears. They could have come from the nuns of the W estern T emple themselves and Y angchen

still wouldn’ t have been able to recognize them through the sheer anguish twisting each one beyond the limits of what a human could produce. Inside
the depths of the fog, people were being tortured to their wit’ s end.
The chorus of pain. She’d heard it before, when the phoenixeels of
Ma’inka had shown her a vision of Jetsun. Her sister ’s spirit was trapped in here somewhere. She was certain of it.
Yangchen immediately stepped forward, the balls of her feet digging into the ground as she spun full circle and scythed a blast of wind through
the canyon. The white vapors parted, but nowhere near as much as they should have. The scant space she managed to clear was dotted with humans,
silently stooped over by invisible yokes or with their heads thrown back in full-throated screams.
She ran to the nearest person, a man wearing strange, ornate nightclothes drenched in blood. As she checked him for injuries, he shook
with glottal hiccups, choking on air . His braided queue frayed halfway down its length like severed rope.
Yangchen patted him down for wounds, focusing on his hands where the stains were deepest. “T ell me where you’re hurt,” she said. It occurred
to her why his garments had struck her as odd. They’d gone out of fashion two hundred years ago.
He murmured, more gulping noises than words. “I didn’ t hear you,”
Yangchen said. She was on the ver ge of jamming her fingers into his mouth to check he hadn’ t swallowed his tongue.
“I’m sorry!” the man suddenly shrieked. “I’m so sorry! I didn’ t mean to!”
A child’ s apology after breaking something important. Y angchen let go of the man and slowly backed away . He wasn’ t injured. The blood soaking
his sleeves wasn’ t his.
She bumped into someone behind her and wheeled around. A woman in plain farmer ’s garb stared at Y angchen, eyes wild with disbelief.
“Nothing,” she moaned. “It was all for nothing. Why did we—For nothing?
How could we be such fools?”
The woman latched on to Y angchen, gripping her shoulders with the strength of an animal’ s bite. Y angchen wrenched free, nearly strangling
herself with her collar . She tried to run back the way she came but at every

turn was hemmed in by people from eras by and gone, shambling toward

her, hobbled by their pain.

She could make out what they were saying clearly now. Cries of

helplessness snagged at her like thorns. Hands reached for her as she fled.
You can’t deny me this! Not after everything I’ve done for you!
I lost him. He was right there and I lost him
.
I will get what I’m owed! Do you hear me?

That was my last chance. That was my last chance. That was my last

chance …

The fog no longer granted her passage. It tugged at her face like matted cobwebs, bogged down her ankles like beach mud. Her exposed skin

felt swollen and itchy. Instinct told her the vapor was squeezing through her

pores and working its way under her fingernails. The fog was alive. It was

trying to become a part of her.

Yangchen covered her nose and mouth and ran without breathing. But

she could get only so far before her vision swam, threatening to plunge her

into a dark sea. She keeled over into a crawl and dragged her body as far as

she could. Her physical form had become a liability.

She always had to try to outdo Jetsun, didn’t she? She’d lose both

halves of herself instead of the one. She might laugh were she not trying to

keep the fog out of her airways. By now she was sure it was a spirit, malign

and hungering.

None of her predecessors had gone out quite like this, or else their

memories would have bubbled to the surface. Avatar Yangchen shunned all

fears, but she wasn’t immune to the squeeze of shame and humiliation on

the guts, the drumming of an out-of-control heart. Before she blacked out,
she put aside her misgivings and begged for help from the people who had

been sources of only pain and grief in her life.

Save me
, she called out to her past lives through the Avatar State.
Please
.

PREVIOUSL Y
“Admit it,” Kavik said as he drew water from the stacks of damp linen towels arrayed before him, bundling the moisture into a wobbling sphere.
“This whole secret society recruitment pitch was just a way to get me to do your laundry .”
“I can find better launderers in this city than you,” Mama A yunerak said. “I can also find more promising recruits for that matter .” She flicked
her wrist at a nearby barrel and sent twice as much water as he was bending over the towels, soaking them through once more. “Again. Drier . Add it to
what you have.”
Several of the neat piles fell over under the force of A yunerak’ s waterbending but there was no point in complaining. The rule not to move
the cloth at all applied to him, not her . So did the demand for speed. And thoroughness. And minimal motion.
Above his head came the footfalls of visitors to Gidu Shrine, residents of Bin-Er paying their respects to ancestors and spirits. He could hear
thumps when they dropped to their knees to bow and could make out the faint claps of hands coming together before smoking incense. The existence
of a secret basement had been a complete surprise when A yunerak showed him his new home where he’d wait out the heat. The one time he’d run an
errand inside the shrine, he’d broken in through the roof.
“Stop making that face,” A yunerak said. “Y ou know this exercise could mean life and death.”
She’d explained many times. Operatives of the White Lotus, and really any clandestine or ganization, needed to move without a trace. A
Waterbender in a city not covered in ice and snow like Bin-Er would be forced to dry their surroundings after using their element if they wanted to
keep their presence hidden. He’d kept himself from freezing to death once

in the Blue Manse by bending water of f his body but hadn’ t thought much about where it had landed.
“Do Earthbenders have to repack the dirt they use?” Kavik had asked.
“Are Firebenders just plain out of luck if they burn something they can’ t hide?”
“Yes,” A yunerak answered without a sliver of humor . “We’ve lost people that way .”
He believed her . Kavik had disposed of bodies in Jonduri and watched a man get murdered in front of his eyes. He’d do whatever it took to keep
from getting stuf fed into a packing crate or fed to shark-squids. He dried away . Dried his heart out. Dried like the wind.
“When I say don’t make that face , I mean it,” A yunerak snapped. “Y ou may have to bend under watch without being noticed and you don’ t want to
give away signals. The little thing you do with your lips is getting worse.”
Kavik didn’ t know he did a little thing with his lips, but he clamped them shut anyway and concentrated. A yunerak was a tough sifu, but she
was also the only support he had left in Bin-Er these days. His parents had been given passes to return home to Long Stretch in the North, where they
remained safe and oblivious to the real business of either of their sons. As far as they were concerned, Kavik was still doing A vatar work. Not hiding
in a White Lotus safe house until the authorities of the Four Nations lost his scent.
Under dif ferent circumstances, being tapped to join A yunerak’ s friends would have been thrilling. An ancient society operating in the shadows,
dedicated to philosophy , beauty , and truth? The chance to pull strings outside the confines of national loyalties to maintain peace across the
world? Maybe Bin-Er hadn’ t been a force of corruption in his life, he’d allowed himself to imagine. The city had put him through so many travails
to give him the skills necessary to serve a higher cause.
But it quickly became clear the White Lotus protected itself by walling off its branches from each other , keeping the right hand separated from the
left. Kavik was the pinky nail, a new growth that could be trimmed as easily as kept. If the safe house was the port of call toward adventure, Kavik was
stuck on the loading docks. He guessed A yunerak was still ar guing over his admission with her peers.

“The entire job is about waiting,” she had said in a rare moment of sympathy . “In that sense it’ s no dif ferent than the petty errands you used to
run for the shangs.”
In the meantime, he trained next to empty planting pots, piles of desiccated bulbs, maintenance tools that hadn’ t had the rust knocked of f
them since before the Platinum Af fair. Other goods with long shots of becoming useful one day . He left the safe house only under close
supervision and had narrowly managed to avoid clawing his eyes out in fits of boredom-induced madness. The mildew smell barely registered anymore.
Kavik heard a particular pattern of thumps from the floor above. He paused in his task, recognizing the gait and who it belonged to. His fingers
crooked, ready for a fight.
As soon as he saw the pair of feet at the top of the stairs, he launched the water he’d pulled from the towels, freezing the intruder ’s soles to the
wooden planks. Lesson one of A yunerak’ s combat training. Hit first,
preferably befor e the enemy even marks you as the enemy . Do, the
Firebender who ran the cook staf f, pitched forward so violently he fell out of his boots, cursing Kavik’ s name on the way down.
Ayunerak reacted with blinding speed. She unfroze the very water
Kavik had used— lesson two, bend what your opponent is bending when you have no other choice —and swept it in a lap around the room. She
caught the laundry in a web of water— lesson thr ee, move your surroundings with your element when you don’ t have enough of your
element —and shoved it into a heap at the bottom of the stairs. Do landed in the cloth, unharmed.
He sprang to his feet and whipped a damp rag of f his chubby face.
“You nearly broke my ankles, you dunderhead!”
Kavik shrugged at him. Do, perhaps because he was about ten years older , had thought it fine to put a fire dagger to Kavik’ s throat the last time
they sparred, close enough to leave a line of blisters. A little payback was in order .
Ayunerak made a shut it gesture at Kavik even though he hadn’ t spoken yet. “Why are you here?” she asked Do. The junior Lotus was
supposed to visit only once every three days. Something must have been wrong.

He beckoned his superior closer and whispered in her ear . Ayunerak listened, her face set in stone. She didn’ t take any time to respond once Do
had finished relaying the lengthy message. “T ell them I’ll handle it,” she said.
Kavik burned with questions. Who was them ? Were they more powerful than Mama A yunerak? How high on the rungs of ordinary society
did the Order of the White Lotus reach? What was it?
Ayunerak gave Do a head shake toward the upper floor , indicating he should leave. The younger Lotus balked when he realized his superior ’s
plans would not involve him, and he gave Kavik an incredulous scowl as he tugged his boots back on. Kavik couldn’ t resist giving him a wave bye-bye
as he left.
The smugness was only for show; there was no guarantee A yunerak would privilege him with any information. “What was that about?” he
asked, tentatively .
She gave him a look from head to toe, as if she were comparing his growth to a chart. He didn’ t know how much he could have changed,
planted below the surface of the earth. “I’m taking you home,” she said.
Home . The Northern W ater T ribe. “Is the heat of f?”
“It most definitely is not.”
One thing was clear—A yunerak had sway . The brambles of the Bin-Er pass control of fice fell before the sharpness of her whispers, and the two of them
were on a ship to Agna Qel’a the very next morning. Not once, from the march past the harbormaster ’s office to the nervous wait on the misty docks
to the boarding of the sleek clipper , were they asked for names, fake or otherwise.
It hadn’ t been this easy for the A vatar . She’d been forced to sneak
Kavik to the Northern Air T emple as a staging point just to get him across the waters. The discomforting thought of how much Y angchen had to do
with so little made him seek the railing of the ship to feel the wind and icy spray in his face.
“You’d better get your stomach back for open water , and quick,”
Ayunerak said when she found him leaning as close as he could toward

their destination. She thought he was seasick. “W e’re entering bubble-style,
like I taught you.”
In the hold was an umiak, open-topped and spacious enough to carry multiple people. When the clipper reached the drop-of f point, still out of
sight from shore, the crew lowered the boat into the water with Kavik and
Ayunerak inside. The two of them shoved of f with bending alone, no paddles. Speed would be more important than endurance.
The umiak slid over the waves without a sound. Up ahead, a raised promontory of ice stood guard over the coast. The natural tower was a
watch post they’d have to sneak by .
Ayunerak was already in position, riding in a crouch, her arms gripping the sides. Kavik did the same, getting as low as possible. “Ready ,”
he muttered.
Momentum carried them forward while she counted down quietly until the right moment. “Roll,” A yunerak commanded.
Together they leaned sharply to the side, yanking on the starboard edge, unbalancing the craft. The bottom of the umiak rose up and closed
over them like a giant snapper -scallop protecting its pearl. Kavik hung on tight to his seat.
Ayunerak did the same, only she had the harder task while they capsized. She hauled the prow deeper into the sea using her weight and bent
a pocket into the water around them with her free hand. The entire hull dipped below the surface and trapped the breathable air . They hung upside
down in a little cocoon of her making.
“Get lower ,” Ayunerak said over her shoulder , her voice strained. “And get us back up to speed.”
Blood was already rushing to Kavik’ s head. Lower relative to the boat,
she meant. He flattened away from the delicate barrier protecting them from an entire icy ocean and pushed the umiak along in a series of one-armed
thrusts.
They traveled inverted below the watch post, gliding across a mirror world hidden from view , their sky dark and deadly . Nothing under them but
a fall into the clouds. Kavik’ s shoulders burned and the lashings he held on to cut into his fingers until they were numb. Their silence could have fooled
another passenger into thinking the trick of stealth ef fortless, when in reality they were trying with all their might not to die.

Ayunerak lost her grip for a moment. The air bubble calved; Kavik caught a face full of seawater and hacked burning salt out of his throat as he
leaned farther back in the hull. The ice wall loomed ahead, a ghostly blue stripe painted across the inky water , and he thought he spotted the entrance
to the secret tunnel they were aiming for . A hole shaped like a jagged crocus.
But A yunerak’ s muscles were shaking under her parka. They had to get there, now . Kavik grabbed the sides of the vessel with both arms and kicked
ferociously , bending with his feet, an act less common for their style. The water behind them formed a sideways spout and propelled them forward.
He’d seen the A vatar do this maneuver straight into the sky with her native element.
They regained their lost speed and then some. More air sheared away ,
leaving them with nothing to talk through. The last thing Kavik heard from
Ayunerak was a garbled “ Up! OUR up!” but he had no control or vision right now . He had to trust the senior Lotus would land them on tar get.
He heard the snap of a thin ice crust giving way and suddenly the umiak lurched out of his grasp. He slid along a frozen ramp that twisted and
turned like an intestinal tract before landing on an open patch of hardpack,
ocean water puddling around him.
They were in a cavern in the ice wall, lit by oil lamps. The boat lay of f to the side, the hull shredded. Kavik looked up to see a young woman with
a long braid rushing over to them, her hands already covered in water like a medic. “Y ou dolt!” she cried at Kavik. “Y ou could have killed the
Executor!”
“No,” A yunerak said. She sat upright and cricked her back. “He made the right call. W e would have been caught had he not acted quickly .” She
gave Kavik a nod approaching respect.
A rare gift. “This wasn’ t the first time I’ve had to rush an entry .” Kavik sorted away the fact that in her distress, their contact had let slip A yunerak’ s
title within the White Lotus. He’d figure out where Executor fell in the organization later . “I’m okay too, by the way .”
The young woman scowled and hunched closer to her superior , as if she could section of f Kavik with her shoulder . “Our friend …”
Ayunerak rolled back the spilled seawater and used it to close the tunnel behind them. “Y ou can say ‘the A vatar ,’ Ivalu. W e’re with inside