Title: part of him was leaking everywhere. (Part 3)

“Enough to know you wer e lying!” He shouted loud enough for her to smell his breath. “Passing of f lights and sounds over Bin-Er as the work of
spirits! And now this! Do you take me for a fool?”
“No.” The leaden weight in her stomach ever since Unanimity had been unleashed in Bin-Er came from knowing that with enough time
Feishan would eventually put together the truth, or a reasonable model of it.
He was smart enough.
The truth. Y angchen had fled the truth for so long that she was certain her mind had split along the cracks. Now was the time to glue her
perspectives back together . Now the truth could finally serve her for once.
“Through my own investigations I came to learn that Zongdu Chaisee of Jonduri secretly developed a bending technique capable of leveling a
city,” Yangchen said. “This was the force that decimated Bin-Er .”
Feishan leaned back against the wale. The revelation was sudden,
large, but he looked nearly satisfied to hear it. People like him wanted to see enemies around every corner; assurances that he was in no danger and
could rule in peace would never be fully accepted.
A normal person might have immediately asked why. Power ,
influence, wealth. Chaisee had all those in her of ficial capacity as zongdu.
Why would she remain unable to sit comfortably with the resources and talents she’d been blessed with, the accomplishments she’d earned?
But the Earth King was cut from the same cloth as Chaisee. While the two of them would have rarely spoken, Feishan probably understood her
mind like closest kin. He didn’ t need to plumb the depths of her reasoning.
“How?” he asked instead.
The sudden mildness, the casualness of his body language, failed to distract Y angchen from the gleam in his eye. She continued giving her
statement. “She was building a position where she could assassinate you and Oyaluk and Gonryu in one fell swoop. I put an end to her plot. The
business with the convocation hall. Zongdu Henshe was her coconspirator and she murdered him to cover her tracks.”
Feishan could not have cared less about the fate of Zongdu Henshe.
The surest tell that the Earth King was snif fing interestedly around the bait,
swiftly reconsidering his priorities, was the fact that he did not upend the skiff in a tantrum. An attempt on his life? W ater under the bridge. “Where is
Chaisee now?”

“Gone. She fled T aku after her plans failed.”
“And you let her ?”
“She’ s wily ,” Yangchen said. “And I’m not a bounty hunter .” Not in this life, anyway .
Feishan rubbed his jaw . He’d trimmed his beard since she last met with him in Ba Sing Se, a mistake in his disguise. No commoner would have
applied such an edge to their facial hair . “The man I saw you defeat was a practitioner of this technique,” he said.
Her gaze reached over the horizon. Defeat was a nice word for him to use. Some interpretations would have it that she’d killed Thapa, even
though she hadn’ t crushed him with earth, even though he’d created the blast that had ended his life. A temple elder could weigh in, if she ever
recounted her deeds, submitting herself for judgment. After her own death,
she might not have a place next to her people. They’d set her likeness aside,
far from the nuns she’d grown up with.
Feishan seemed to take her empty quietude at face value, an Air
Nomad regretting an act of violence. “Who else have you told?”
“No one,” she said. The White Lotus had learned about Unanimity through Kavik, and the rest of the team had seen it firsthand.
They bobbed in the water , rolling with the waves. Another boat sailed closer with three people on it, but still small enough in the distance. Not a
concern so long as they played their parts. “This is rather nice,” Feishan said, indicating the peaceful seas, the sun that drenched their faces.
“Mmm,” Y angchen responded. The two of them, a pair of world leaders, free of their identities and burdens, relaxing in companionable
silence.
Mere skin wrapping the guts. Inside the two of them, wheels spun in turmoil. Y angchen cycled furiously through scenarios and outcomes,
knowing that Feishan was doing the same, adjusting to her adjustments,
their plans tangling with each other like fighting serpents. They weren’ t basking in the moment; they were thinking too feverishly to speak.
Yangchen had the advantage of the first move, being the holder of the truth. Now that she’d dropped it like a boulder on Feishan’ s head, she could
watch the ripples and guess where they would travel.
This Earth King treasured power above all else, even more than riches.
He was both pleased and obligated to chase it, the same way Chaisee’ s selfimposed standards compelled her to grow her ventures to the point of overreach. Now that Feishan had learned such a powerful weapon could be
brought forth by human knowledge, his own obsessions would force his hand.
The Zongdu of Jonduri represented his best lead at obtaining information that could tilt the axis of the world forever in his favor . He
would hunt her down across the Four Nations till his last breath. He would never give her a moment’ s respite.
Striking a deal, selling the secrets of Unanimity wasn’ t an option for
Chaisee. Not with Feishan as a customer—the Earth King would simply kill her upon completion of the transaction. T o remain one step ahead of the
hounds, she and her family would have to live the rest of their lives in anonymity , moving from place to place, never settling long enough to
attract undue attention.
Perhaps a cruel fate for a person who wanted stability and status for her bloodline. But then again, that was basically the life of an Air Nomad. It
was all a matter of perspective.
“Now that you know who was responsible for Bin-Er , you can stand down the troops you are currently using to menace Chief Oyaluk and Lord
Gonryu,” Y angchen said. “All twenty divisions of them.”
“I have only ten divisions in of fensive positions,” Feishan said lightly ,
still pretending this was a leisure cruise.
“You have twenty .” If ships were easier to count from the skies, armies were child’ s play . “It would be a show of goodwill to recall those soldiers
and their transport fleets far away from the strategic ports of the continent.
You’re known as many things but not yet a peacemaker . A show of good faith would burnish your image, and I would make sure history gave you
your due. People might speak of you in the same breath as the A vatar .”
Feishan mulled it over , which lent weight to Y angchen’ s theory that he found the prospect of being loved genuinely appealing. His observers in
Bin-Er would have told him about the crowds cheering in adoration for her ,
and the Earth King was a jealous man. Popularity was the one victory that had eluded him so far .
While dreams of being known as Feishan the Benevolent wandered through his head, Y angchen readied her next move. There would never be a
better time. “I have a further proposal,” she said.

There was a world where righteousness alone fueled her impending speech. The shang cities ar e deeply corrupt, cause much suffering, and
benefit only the powerful few . The system was deemed necessary only because of the Platinum Affair . Return to normal r elations with your fellow
rulers and dissolve it immediately .
And then there was the world she’d been born into, over and over again, never that much dif ferent each time.
“I have been diligently managing Bin-Er on your behalf,” she said. “A
substitute zongdu, if you will. But two of my peers turned out to be traitorous conspirators. Of the others, Iwashi is deadweight and Ashoona
will retire soon. The shang system, from which you profit so greatly , is vulnerable to the base desires and compulsions of the human beings who
control it.”
Before launching into the crucial part of her pitch, she paused to check within herself for a lump in her throat, rising bile. Any sign of guilt. How
bad do I need to feel right now in or der to live with myself?
The answers would have to come later . “I believe it would be better if the entirety of trade flows between the Four Nations were managed by a
single, neutral, incorruptible party that not only you but Chief Oyaluk and
Lord Gonryu could trust.”
“You,” Feishan said, catching on immediately . “You want to run
Jonduri and Port T uugaq in addition to Bin-Er .”
Yangchen gestured back toward the coast. “Don’ t forget T aku.”
A hand either opens or closes . Jetsun’ s words. Y angchen needed to be the one holding the reins of power in order to let them go. “Y our
endorsement of my proposal in front of the other rulers during the ratification would travel far in this matter .”
Feishan had little reason not to see the wisdom of her ar gument; she’d done well for him in Bin-Er . But then again, reason wasn’ t why he’d closed
his borders. Reason wasn’ t why he’d pur ged his court. “Y ou think I’m some spineless merchant willing to pay tit-for -tat,” he said.
Perceived insults and grievances seemed to lend the Earth King strength the same way Y angchen’ s past lives flowed through her limbs and
ignited her eyes when called upon. His breathing quickened, as if he needed air for his imminent combustion.

“I haven’ t forgotten that you’ve lied to me about Bin-Er ,” he said, his voice low and stalking. “I believe you lie still. Y ou intentionally let Chaisee
escape, didn’ t you? A woman who wanted to murder me, released without so much as a slap on the wrist. I’ve taken the hands of entire families for
less.”
They both knew he wasn’ t threatening the A vatar ’s person. That was neither possible nor necessary . “I know you favor the other rulers,
especially Oyaluk. Y ou beg and plead on his and Gonryu’ s behalf not to conduct open hostilities. Which means they’re weak. They’re afraid. This
scheme of yours is just another shield you hope to raise over them.”
Feishan licked his lips. “They never really paid for trying to depose me. Cutting of f relations—what a halfway measure on my part. I needed to
make them bleed so much more. But I couldn’ t retaliate properly back then;
I was still recovering from Nong’ s rebellion. Back then, I didn’ t have, say
… twenty divisions ready to attack at my command.”
He waited for Y angchen to blink. But she’d had her fair share of staring contests recently . She was warmed up. “Starting a conflict would not
be in your best interests,” she said, letting his bluster melt away from her shoulders like thin snow .
To the paranoid, facts seemed like threats. “Why?” Feishan snarled.
“Because you’d let the other nations know about this bending technique?”
“No,” Y angchen said, standing up on the bow of the skif f. “I would simply hand it over to them.” She flicked her wrist, sending a gout of water
into the air . The signal for the crew of the other boat to attack.
A thin streak of vapor ripped through the swells, cutting a furrow across the sea. The water bloomed a hemisphere of heat and light and noise,
the pop-pop-BOOM pattern backed by the additional hiss of water boiled to steam in the blink of an eye.
A wave came rushing for them. Feishan screamed as Y angchen threw her weight against the hull to lift the opposite end high enough so the skif f
could ride the sur ge instead of capsizing. A sailor ’s instinct as opposed to a bender ’s, but it did the job.
Feishan had never come under fire from Unanimity . She would grant him the experience. She called for a second blast.
Tayagum and Akuudan hadn’ t liked the idea of Y ingsu bombarding the
Avatar , but at this point there was precedent. Come on , Yangchen thought.

Really let us have it
.

Yingsu obliged. The next shockwave spun the boat in a pinwheeling

circle. Yangchen looked at the terrified Earth King holding on to the

lashings for dear life, sea spray dousing them both.

Understand that this is

what I saved you from. Believe that this is what I could give your enemies
.

One last bluff. She’d never permanently hand over Yingsu to be

exploited by the Fire Nation or Water Tribe, which meant the truth wouldn’t

get her completely across the finish line.

Too bad.

As the boat churned its message into Feishan’s innards, Yangchen

reflected on what she’d learned from the Earth King’s negotiating style from their encounters, as well as the epiphany she’d shared with Chaisee in

the darkness, wondering how long it would be before Thapa rendered them

both to dust. When playing the game, sometimes you didn’t want your

opponent to respect you as smart, rational, and clever. Sometimes you

wanted the opponent to believe you were completely unstable and utterly

reckless.

Yangchen leaped up to the top of the mast, using it as a lever to rock

the vessel back and forth, throwing her weight around to keep the bow

pointed forward into the waves.

“Don’t worry, Your Majesty!” she shouted down at Feishan as another

blast from Yingsu sent the waters surging underneath them. “We won’t sink! I’ve got our balance under control!”

RESPITE
Feishan was right about one thing; Y angchen had indeed let Chaisee go free. Her and Kalyaan both.
“I can’ t believe you did that,” A yunerak muttered, leaning her forehead against her hands. The Executor of the White Lotus sat across from
Yangchen in the same Agna Qel’a safe house they’d hidden in the last time
Yangchen was here, while Kavik stood at the window as lookout. The society didn’ t have an unlimited budget, nor would they have wanted to
burn more secret locations than necessary .
There hadn’ t been time for the three of them to meet in T aku, not with
Yangchen busy outlining to a stunned audience her plans for each shang city in turn. So they’d postponed their conversation until her return to the
North Pole. The “alignment of intelligence between trusted allies,” as
Ayunerak had pitched it, had taken nearly an entire lamp’ s worth of oil to finish. The petering moss wick cast only a sputtering light around the room,
inking the occupants in dramatic swathes. Especially Kavik, who looked more like a regal, shadowy sentinel than he possibly deserved.
“Every time I think you’ve reached the pinnacle of recklessness, you surprise me further ,” Ayunerak said. “If Feishan finds Chaisee, he’ll extract
the secrets of Unanimity from her one way or another .”
“She won’ t be easy quarry ,” Yangchen said. “W e all know how smart she is. And she has resources she can draw on in her flight.”
Ayunerak, a sharp mind herself, figured out the puzzle in a flash. “Y ou turned her ,” she said. She leaned back, taking her weight of f the table, her
face a battleground, surprise warring with frustration. “Y ou flipped her into an asset.”
The move was only possible after Chaisee had been fully stripped of the leverage provided by Unanimity . The conversation had been quick and
taken place in the dark. Lengthy follow-ups would be needed, but those

could take place later , in safe locations. Y angchen had to give Chaisee the immediate boon of collecting Kalyaan from T aku and her child from
Jonduri before disappearing, or else her incentive to cooperate would be lost.
Love could sometimes be a weakness. Mercy could sometimes be cruel. The important matter was that Y angchen had sworn twice, once to the
former zongdu and then later again to Kavik, that she would not let
Chaisee’ s son come to harm.
Ayunerak saw only the trove of information that had slipped through the White Lotus’ s fingers. “She’ s dependent on you now . Her hidden
accounts. The dirt she must have on her business and political contacts. Her research. Y ou’ve snatched it all in one fell swoop.”
Yangchen didn’ t know why the Executor was so envious. There was no quick victory to enjoy . She needed to unwind Chaisee’ s networks, settle
the issues of her or ganization. Make restitution to her victims where possible. The project was monumental.
Though Chaisee’ s money will certainly help , Yangchen thought.
Having little else to reprimand Y angchen with, A yunerak resorted to morals. “Are you not concerned about punishing her for what she did?”
Not concerned? The question of justice was like a burr in her throat.
Chaisee’ s fate would remain in her hands until Y angchen or Feishan left the mortal world. She’d be a wedge, splitting and lengthening the crack
between A vatar and Air Nomad. Y angchen was more concerned than anyone else in the world. Living with her choice was her own punishment.
She had no answer to give. But Kavik did. “Retribution is for amateurs,” he interjected, his eyes still focused out the window , like a
professional. “I believe you told me that once, Executor .”
Yangchen could tell A yunerak wanted nothing more than to hurl her agent into the nearest body of water . Instead, the Lotus decided to preserve
her dignity by getting up to tend the qulliq. A fine example of maturity from their elder .
Yangchen and Kavik made the journey along the canals by foot, their hoods pulled over their heads. The moon was not out and Agna Qel’a was a blur

of darkness against the canvas. They walked a zigzag route and at an exacting speed that left them in a perfect gap between the latest night
patrols. But if one overlooked that fact, they could have pretended to be a pair of youths, enjoying each other ’s company on a leisurely stroll.
“Thank you,” Kavik said quietly , after they gained enough distance,
from a corner below the blind spot of a watchtower .
“For what?”
“My brother will live. If you hadn’ t stopped him, he would have pushed his luck too far one day and gotten killed. He made out better than
he deserved, but then again, he always does.”
Not the sort of statement the boy with a wounded hand, who had been haunted by Kalyaan the untouchable phantom, would have made. She heard
a rustle from under Kavik’ s hood, as if a smile had rubbed his cheeks against the fur . “I’m just grateful my nephew will have a family .”
“Yes, well …” She trailed of f, not wanting to spoil the warmth of the moment.
There was another factor that had led Y angchen to her decision. She had simply run out of space in her head to wage battle. The harsh reality
was that she couldn’ t keep fighting both zongdu and Earth King in their respective arenas. She’d needed help, from sources who could be counted
on to do exactly as she’d hoped.
They’d been sitting at the table to her left and right the whole time.
By pitting Feishan against Chaisee in a great hunt, her opponents could burn time and resources trying to outthink each other for a change, giving
Yangchen room to breathe. It wasn’ t a perfect solution. But it was one she could watch and manage. She could break even while the other players
traded hits back and forth and cheat toward one of them or the other as needed.
“So you’re the zongdu of everywhere,” Kavik said.
A gross oversimplification. But beyond her wildest hopes, momentum was indeed heading in that direction.
Yangchen’ s message to the shangs of Bin-Er those many months ago,
when Henshe was still alive and she hadn’ t yet heard the name of
Unanimity cross his lips, had failed to take root. That was because she’d been asking people with power to give it up willingly . Throwing lifetimes

of evidence and experience and appeals to humanity in front of a group who could dismiss her with an unexamined no.
This time her approach would be dif ferent. She would dip her hands,
would let the streams of money and power course through her fingers. And then she’d divert those flows accordingly .
Provided they didn’ t rot her to the core. “W ith the resources of every shang city at my disposal, I can fix, actually fix the problems in Bin-Er and
Taku and many other places across the Four Nations.” She felt the need to defend herself. An Air A vatar touching money . “I couldn’ t end the Platinum
Affair. So I’m going to own it instead.”
Here was another reason to leave Chaisee and Feishan to each other .
Her plate would spill over with the duties of managing the entire flow of trade and communication between the Four Nations for the conceivable
future. She might even need Chaisee’ s counsel. Another dilemma to face.
Whether advice could be cleanly taken from a dirty source.
“You don’ t have to convince me,” Kavik said. Another rustle of a smile. “I know you’ll do the right thing.”
They arrived at their destination, the entry passage to the Spirit Oasis.
The lesson on taking help where she could also applied here, tonight.
Taking help. She didn’ t want to force him to do this, regardless of whether he understood or believed he was being forced. You’re holding a
knife to my br other ’s conscience , was how Kalyaan had put it. She’d regretted asking Kavik to join her as soon as he said yes.
Yangchen put her hand against the wooden door , barring the way . “You know how dangerous this could get,” she said.
“I’m the one who saved you from that fog the first time, in case you forgot,” he said. “So, yes, I think I have some idea.”
“You don’ t have to do this. Y ou’re back in. My good graces, you have them. Y ou’ve more than proven yourself to me and the others. The books
are balanced.”
He leaned in, brushing the edges of their hoods together . “Look at me,”
he said softly . “I’m not doing this out of compulsion.”
Liar. Kavik could have been hiding any feeling or motive under his face. “No,” she said, shaking her head. “Y ou still feel indebted. I’m calling
it off—”

“Spitting spirits, you are so annoying! I want to help you because you deserve it! Do I have to tattoo the message across your skull?”
There. That was the part of him she recognized. That was the part of him she could work with. She mustered herself and pulled open the door .
“Let’ s go.”
There was no requirement to face a partner on the grassy center island of the oasis when hoping to make contact with the Spirit W orld. Y angchen had
proven that. But sitting down with Kavik, as a duo, felt much more balanced. The eternal koi circling each other in the sacred pond showed the
way. Best to give and take. Push and pull.
Yangchen squared her breathing. The blossoms of the osmanthus and satsuma layered bitterness atop sweet in a gentle pattern, far superior to the
distilled, driving perfumes of T aku, now that she had the comparison. Kavik adopted her cross-legged posture, though he kept his hands at the ready
instead of touching his knuckles to each other .
Together they waited.
This time, her entry into the Spirit W orld took place the right way . If there was such a thing.
Ayunerak would have had no grounds for criticism. Only Y angchen’ s spirit made the journey . She had a partner watching her body back in the
material realm. She slipped across the boundary as easily as she did the first time with Jetsun and found herself in a blue forest that glowed with
luminescence. She began to walk with a singular purpose, as Shoken had taught, ignoring the whispers of the trees, the dancing eyes she knew were
watching her from every direction. She held only one image in her mind.
Jetsun’ s prison. The talons of stone enclosing the mist.
She was intruding. There was no escaping the label this time. The
Spirit W orld could shift in reaction to outsiders, and the landscape itself seemed to have decided that there was only one fitting place for an intruder .
She found herself guided toward her destination, roots as thick as barrels

undulating out of her way , branches unfurling like fingers to point out where she could find her punishment. When she breached the forest’ s edge
to find a plain studded with giant thorns, there was even a small path of matted grass, as if victims had been dragged along this route to their eternal
torment before.
She kept going.
The ground underneath her feet grew barren, tilted, familiar to her . She didn’ t slow , barely blinked, until the canyon loomed lar ge ahead of her .
Inside the walls was the thick, still soup of vapor . The spirit that held her sister .
She descended the slope, steadily this time, watching as the fog enveloped her . Instead of digging into her skin like before, the mists
slipstreamed around her form, granting her the thinnest of berths.
Her suspicions had been founded. My past lives, the weight of them all at once , she thought. They’r e too much for you. They’r e too much for me as
well.
The next part she knew would hurt. T o venture deeper into the fog would mean ignoring the cries around her . Yangchen steeled herself and
marched forward amidst the wandering shadows.
She turned away from the shrieking woman who tore her hair out in clumps, somehow always having more to fill her hands. She narrowly
avoided the clutches of a petitioner begging an invisible judge who just wouldn’ t listen, why wouldn’ t she listen.
A mourner at a never -ending funeral, a test-taker watching his dreams crumble over and over again before his eyes. The doctor who couldn’ t save
the one patient who mattered. Y angchen stumbled past the endless suffering. Her resolve began to crack.
I can’ t handle this. I can’ t handle this . The fog didn’ t need to infect her mind to torture her . It could just show her humanity , bare and ripped open.
It could show her the truth. History repeated itself. Each of these lost souls once had an A vatar , but their agony reflected a world perpetually falling out
of balance.
Yangchen fell to her hands and knees. She wanted to weep, for the past and the future alike. No victory in this struggle would ever last. She crawled
forward blindly , like a child, unsure of her dimensions or her route or her

reasons for being here, only knowing that she was sinking under the weight,
falling lower and lower .
Her hand landed on someone’ s leg.
She looked up in surprise. Before her lay a sleeping man, sprawled out on the ground.
Yangchen jerked back, expecting him to bolt upright and awake to his nightmare, but he remained still, breathing in and out in a deep rhythm. She
hauled herself around to look at his face. Though his hair was unbound and disheveled, his lips were relaxed in an unconscious sigh.
She did not know the rules of this place. But everything she’d seen so far told her this man was an anomaly , the closest thing to a signal she’d
found in the swirling noise of terror and chaos. Y angchen rose to her feet and staggered in the direction she thought he might have come from.
Not far away , she found a woman with torn sleeves curled up on her side, using her own arm as a pillow . And then another sleeper , and another .
A trail of bodies, not corpses, but men and women who looked like they’d simply laid down to rest where they were.
She hurried, trying not to step on torsos or trip over tangled limbs. A
hope she hadn’ t tasted in years rose in her throat. She fought the flutter in her chest, not allowing herself to believe the wisp of orange in the mists
ahead, not daring to speak until she got closer , taking one denying step after another , until she finally came upon the Air Nomad woman sitting calmly
on a flat rock in the lotus position, her eyes closed in meditation, looking exactly the same as she did when she first guided Y angchen into the Spirit
World under the imposing stone fingers of a giant’ s hand.
“Jetsun?” she asked, the name coming out a choking sob.
Jetsun opened her eyes. Not once while her sister was alive had
Yangchen ever confused or surprised her . Today was no exception. No matter which realm they met in, Jetsun would always see her , understand
her, recognize her , deeply and completely .
“Yangchen,” she said. “What are you doing here?”
Yangchen rushed forward and threw her arms around Jetsun, nearly tackling her of f her perch. They wobbled back into balance together as a
single mass.
“I’m sorry .” Those words became the universe. She would gasp them until the end of time. “I’m sorry , Jetsun. I’m sorry . I’m sorry …”

Jetsun rubbed her back until a warm patch had developed over her skin. “For what? The spirits brought me here after I returned you to the
physical world. There’ s nothing for you to be sorry about.”
Her question broke the endless loop. It occurred to Y angchen that maybe she should have shown more caution, in case she hurt Jetsun again
somehow , if contact between them were forbidden. But when she pulled away , her sister ’s shawl briefly stuck to her face, glued by dried tears.
“How do I free you?” Y angchen said. She didn’ t want to speak of her sister ’s death in the mortal world. Jetsun would already know what had
happened, that this form was only her spirit. She knew everything.
“Free me from what?”
“This place!” Y angchen shouted. “How do I free your spirit from this place?” They needed to leave. They could flee until they reached the
canyon’ s limits, climb to a better portion of the Spirit W orld where there was light and grass and anything but the shrieking of the condemned.
The condemned. Her distress might have been a beacon to them. A
ghastly apparition staggered up behind Jetsun, draped in bloody nightclothes. The hiccuping man Y angchen had encountered the last time
she was here, his queue wound around his neck like a noose. He lunged forward with wild eyes and Y angchen tried to shout in warning.
Jetsun shifted and caught the man as he fell over her . She cradled him on her rock, carrying his weight as easily as she would a newborn. “There
now,” she soothed, brushing the side of his head with the back of her hand.
A warmth flowed from her fingertips, as solid as it was invisible. “Y ou can rest.”
His spasms gentled. Slowly , gradually , his muscles released their tension, and his eyes drifted shut. Jetsun rose to her knees and with great
care lowered him to the ground behind her platform.
Yangchen had to get up and look. The fog had thinned enough that she could see a field extending into the distance. Dozens of people lay on the
canyon floor . Quiet, no longer screaming, no longer shaking with agony .
“Jetsun,” Y angchen said, utterly bewildered. “What are you doing here?”
Her sister thought it over . “I suppose … I’m reliving the worst day of my life? W atching my greatest fears. Dwelling on my deepest regrets.”