Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 1)

Published in 2022 by Amulet Books, an imprint of ABRAMS. All rights reserved. No portion of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted in any form or by any means,
mechanical, electronic, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission from the publisher .
Amulet Books are available at special discounts when purchased in quantity for premiums and promotions as well as fundraising or educational use. Special editions can also be created to
specification. For details, contact specialsales@abramsbooks.com or the address below .
Amulet Books® is a registered trademark of Harry N. Abrams, Inc.

ABRAMS The Art of Books
195 Broadway , New Y ork, NY 10007
abramsbooks.com
OceanofPDF .com

OceanofPDF .com

VOICES OF THE PAST
Jetsun paced down the hallway , trying to stay ahead of the screams.
The high ceiling s of the Wester n Air Temple tended to make echoes of whispers and explosions of dropped teacups. Though the girl was back in
the infirmary being watched by the elders, her cries of pain sprang from every surface, bouncing of f the hard stone.
Jetsun couldn’ t take it anymore and broke into a full run. Ignoring decorum, she sped past her sisters, ruffling robes, upsetting inkpots,
prematurely ruining colorful sand paintings that were meant to be ruined only once they were finished. No one scolded her or gave her sharp looks in
passing. They understood.
When she ran out of floor , she jumped. The upside-down construction of the temple meant that despite its overall size, there was very little space
to stand on, nothing connecting the spires but thin air and a three-thousandfoot drop. She didn’ t have her glider . Eminently dangerous, but she could make the leap without it.
Air at her back and air against her robes gave her enough loft to land on the next tower , the one containing the Great Library . Tsering, chief
caretaker of the books, waited in front of the tall shelves. The older woman’ s kind eyes were edged with worry . “I saw you coming. Is it
happening again?”
Jetsun nodded. “Mesose,” she said.
Tsering blew out a breath, a silent whistle of frustration. “That could be
Mesose, famous scholar of the Ru Ming era. There’ s a Mesose village in Hu
Xin; it might have been named after a founder . Or it could just be someone called Mesose, in which case we’re stuck.”
Avatars tended to run in exalte d circles. Or they elevated the people around them to fame. “It has to be the first one,” Jetsun said.
Another wail turned both their heads. The child was suf fering. “Help me and it’ll go faster,” Tsering said. “Northwest corner , start with the poetry

shelves, Ru with the three drops of water radical.”
They split up to search different sections of the ancient vault. Jetsun ran her eyes over labels and titles as fast as she could. Not every book fit on a
shelf. Many of the tomes kept at the Western Temple were so old they were written on bamboo slips instead of paper . She passed rolled bales of text
wider around than some of the pillars connecting the ceilings to the floors.
Five minutes later she emer ged from the library’ s depths, clutching a treatise on she didn’ t know exactly what. What mattered was the author ’s
name.
Tsering met her by the door. “I couldn’ t find any leads. You’re holding our best shot.”
“Thank you.” Jetsun sprinted back in the direction she came, the book tucked under her arm.
“Use your glider next time!” T sering yelled.
Jetsun burst back into the infirmary . The huddle of elders parted to let her through. The girl’s thrashing had settled into dry, cavernous sobs. She
pounded her fist on her pillow over and over, not the involuntary shaking of a fever but rather the deliberate motion born of a steady , all-consuming
anguish that should have been beyond her eight years.
“We’ll leave you two alone,” Abbess Dagmola said. She and the rest of the nuns filed out. Too many people sometimes ruined the effect. Jetsun
opened the book to a random page and began to read.
“ ‘The level of risk can be determined by elevation, nearnes s to the source of water , vulnerability to rapid flows, and potential economic
damage,’ ” she said. Confused, she briefly turned the volume to look at the cover . A Discourse on Floodplain Management.
Why in the world do we have this book? Jetsun shook her head. It didn’ t matter . “ ‘Understanding previo us measures taken to mitigate the damage
from flooding is essential, for they might compile danger instead of reducing it.’ ”
The girl took a shuddering gasp of air and relaxed. “Half a year and that’s as far as you’ve gotten?” she said, smiling at no one. “You have to
stop taking on so many projects at once, Se-Se.”

It worke d. Thank the spirits, it worked. Jetsun kept reading, plowing through the unfamiliar concept s mechanically . “ ‘On the subject of silt
deposits . . .’ ”
The first time the child went through this, they had no clue as to what was happening. The healers did their best to cool her fever and keep her as
comfortable as they could. As the incidents reoccurred, her babbling,
incoherent at first, started to coalesce into sentences, names, slices of conversations. The words mean t nothing to her caregivers until one day
they heard her talking to His Majesty the Earth King Zhoulai. A man she’d never met, who’d died three centuries ago.
Thankfully , the abbess had thought to take notes. She’d writte n down every intelligible scrap, and in scouring her pages she pieced together a
pattern. The names. Angilirq, Praew , Yotogawa. Names from every nation.
Names of past A vatar companions.
Not every phantom the child spoke to had made it into the annals of history , and some that had were never acknowledged as having close ties to
an Avatar. Jetsun could only imagine the stories lost to time, filtering through the girl, merest fragments sticking in her throat.
And the conversations were pleasant, frequently enough. She would laugh with her friends in towns that had been renamed, provinces that no
longer existed. Jetsun had watched her leap from her bed and bellow at the success of legendary winter hunts, sit on the floor and meditate with
someone else’ s inner peace.
But occasionally she would have waking nightmares. Bouts of sorrow and rage that threatened to tear her apart. She wouldn’ t mutter names but
scream them as if she’d been betrayed by the universe itself.
By accident, they discovered she could sometimes be calmed by figuring out the past figure she was talking to, when it was possible, and
speaking back to her from that perspective. The deeper they could dive into the role the better , like parents reading a bedtime story , doing voices and
parts. Familiarity was the best balm they had, and they acted their hearts out for her .
The girl nodded off by the time Jetsun reached a chapter on the proper construction of seawalls. Tsering entered the room. No glider , Jetsun
noticed. She probably wanted to see if she could still make the jump too.
“How is she?” the librarian asked.

“Better ,” Jetsun said. “Who was Mesose?”
“A companion of Avatar Gun,” Tsering said, coming over to the bedside. “Skilled poet and engin eer, who died in Ha’an when Gun failed to
hold back a tsunami.”
Jetsun found a sour taste rising in her mouth. “Failed?” Not the choice of words she would have used for someone, Avatar or not, bravely
confronting a force of nature. Ha’an still stood today as a port when it sounded like it could have been wiped off the map along with everyone
who’d lived there at the time.
“It’s what’ s written. After Mesos e drowned, Gun disappeared for quite a while before returning to duty .”
You were grieving. If the waters that Gun fought were the same ones that killed Mesose, then both the girl and the past life raging through her
might have personally witnessed their friend take their last breath before plunging below the waves. They would have searched for a body in the
wreckage.
And worst of all, Jetsun thought, they would have had to strug gle with the terrible question of what if I’d done things differ ently? What if, what if,
what if? Perhaps Gun was the one who’d demanded the label of failure.
It was simply unjust. To remember the events of a single life was painful enough. Reliving dozens of lives would be . . . well, it would be like
getting caught by a tsunami. Swept away by forces beyond your control.
“She’ s a smart kid,” Jetsun said. “If she keeps having these visions,
she’ll figure out who she is long before she turns sixteen.”
Tsering sighed. She reached out and stroked the sleeping girl’s hair, now matted with sweat.
“Oh, little Y angchen,” she said. “What are we going to do with you?”
OceanofPDF .com

THE FIRST STEP
At the age of eleven, Yangchen had known who she was for a while on an intellectual level, and treated her Avatarhood with a child’ s seriousness at
the behest of her elders. This is a very important secret, all right? Like
Tsering’ s custar d recipe. Best not to talk about it until we figur e a few more things out.
The involuntary bouts of vivid memories still occurred. The ease with which past Avatars slipped into Yangchen’ s speech troubled the leaders of
the Western Temple. She would eavesdrop on their discussions about her,
air spouting herself under windowsills, hiding behind pillars.
“You know, we keep asking that question, what do we do with her?” she heard Jetsun say one day , sharper than she usually was with her elders. “The
answer is, we’ll prevent her from hitting her head on the ground, and when the memories are over, we’ll carry on. That’ s what she needs from us, so
that’s what we’ll give her . Nothing more, nothing less.”
As if Y angchen needed another reason to worship her older sister . Jetsun wasn’ t related to her by blood, or maybe she was in the manner of fourth or
fifth cousins, but it definitely didn’ t matter . The girl who cut up fruit in a stupid way but at least gave you the symmetrical pieces was your sister . The
girl who showed you no mercy on the airball court and laughed in your face as she kept you scoreless was your sister . Jetsun was either the person who
would listen to Yangchen cry with utmost patience, or the one who’d upset her in the first place.
So it made perfect sense that Jetsun would guide her through her first attempt at meditating into the Spirit World. A guide was an anchor as much
as a pathfinder , a calling voice in the darkness. “Don’ t have so many expectations,” Jetsun told a Yangchen buzzing with excitement. “Not
everyone has the ability to cross between realms. You won’ t be less or more of an A vatar , or an Air Nomad, or a person, if it doesn’ t happen.”

“Pfft. If you did it, I can do it.” If you did it, I need to do it. To become more like you.
The older nun rolled her eyes and flicked Yangchen on the forehead where her arrow point would eventually be.
They went topside to the meadows above the cliffs of the Western Air
Temple. There was no need to travel all the way to the Eastern Temple, the jumping-of f point for many spiritual journeys, when they could try closer to
home first. Besides, Jetsun scoffed, the extra sanctity of the Eastern Temple was more reputation and less proven truth.
In the grass was a meditation circle, a stone slab floor laid level in the earth. Five columns of rock jutted out around the circle, unevenly spaced.
They looked like fingers and a thumb, the triple Air Nomad whorls at their tips the prints. Yangchen knew about this place but had always avoided it.
“It feels like a giant is about to grab me.”
“Or let you go,” Jetsun said. “A hand either opens or closes. But it can’t do either of those twice in a row .”
Yangchen never knew how Jetsu n managed to be so blunt and cryptic at the same time. The two of them sat in the giant’ s palm, facing each other .
They weren’ t alone. Abbess Dagmola and Librarian Tsering had come along and relegated themselves to assistants, setting up incense, a windhorn.
The abbess herself was going to ring the meditation bell. There was no hesitance by the two much older women in deferring to Jetsun as guide.
The session began. The smolde ring incense was sharp and earthy, like tree resin. Yangc hen could feel the overtones of the horn through her stone
seat. She lost count of the bell strikes that both marked time and pointed out its meaninglessness.
She suddenly saw a bright glow through her closed eyes, as if she’d been laboring under clouds the whole time. When she opene d them, the
light was intens e but not blindin g. Colors were brighter , as if the elements themselves had been ground in a mortar and then repainted on the backing
of the world. Red flowers in the meadow glowed like embers, green veins pulsed through canopying leave s the size of house roofs, and the sky was
bluer than a cake of solid indigo dye.
Yangchen had performed a feat of Avatarhood. It had not happened to her involuntarily , it had not struck her down like thunder between her

temples, it had not racked painfully through her limbs to damage the landscape. She’d done it. She’d done it.
Her victory . And best of all, her favorite person in the world was right there beside her to share the moment. “Huh,” Jetsun said, in one of her
classic understatements. “First try .”
Yangchen wanted to laugh and leap a mile into the air. But she would maintain a cool head, just like her guide. “Maybe I only remembered how .”
“Humility isn’t more important than the truth. I think you pulled this off yourself.”
She thought her heart would burst. Over the hills of the Spirit World, a pod of great winged whales, translucent and jellylike, slowly floated
through the sky. Nearby , a bouncing mushroom released a cloud of spores,
which turned into twinkling fireflies.
She was struck by a question. “What do we do now?”
“That’ s the beauty of it,” Jetsun said. “We don’t do anything. There is no use to the Spirit World, and therein lies the great lesson. Here, you don’t
take. You don’t anticipate or plan; you don’t struggle. You don’t worry about value gained and lost. Y ou just exist. Like a spirit.”
A pout of disapp ointment crossed Yangchen’ s lips. “Do we have to exist in this one spot only? Can we at least explore?”
Jetsun grinned down at her . “Yes. Y es, we can.”
Yangchen took her sister ’s hand and decided there was a chance she might like being the A vatar .
OceanofPDF .com

VOICES OF THE PRESENT
Middlers often had difficulty understanding how quickly one place’ s fortunes could rise at the expense of another ’s. In the continuing wake of
the Platinum Affair, many of the new arrivals to Bin-Er seemed caught off guard by the city’s explosive growth even though they were part of it
themselves, swept along by change.
Kavik, on the other hand, knew vital locations could shift great distances without warning. Herds moved like water . Schools of fish moved
like water . People did too, when their livelihoods depended on it.
And the flow wasn’ t always peaceful. Currents of human beings could rush too fast into a single pool without an escape, smashing chunks of ice
and flotsam to bits. If your boat ever got caught in such a vortex, the key to survival was figuring out how long you had until you suffered the same
fate.
Kavik wasn’t sure how much time Bin-Er had left as a whole. But as for himself, right now, he was thinking there were maybe ten, twenty minutes
before things got ugly. Out-of-control ugly. He’d been trying to cross the square in the international district when a large crowd, buzzing with
hostility , blocked his way. The heavy winter clothing everyone wore to survive along the northern edge of the Earth Kingdom continent made it
difficult to squeeze through the cracks.
Usually Kavik was on top of these kinds of disruptions. “What’ s going on?” he asked the people nearby .
“We finally pinned Shang Teiin down,” a large man said while peering over the top of the crowd. “He had to leave the walls of his estate at some
point. Either he listens to us here and now, or he gets to spend the night holed up in Gidu Shrine.”
Kavik swallowed his alarm. “And . . . how did you do that exactly?
Teiin’s normally hard to find, isn’ t he?”

“We pooled our money together and paid for an errand runner to copy the shrine’ s schedule of private reservations,” the man said, grinning with
satisfaction. “Gotta use the enemy’ s methods against him. And wouldn’ t you know it? T onight is the anniversary of T eiin’s grandfather ’s death.”
This wasn’t going to end well. Teiin was no talk, all stick. The idea that the powerful shang would interrupt his ancestral rituals, appear on the steps
of the Gidu Shrine, and benevolently acknowledge his employees’
grievances was misguided at best and dangerous at worst.
He need ed to get out of here. “Give that old goat-dog the business,”
Kavik said. He turned to leave.
A heavy hand landed on his shoulder and spun him back aroun d. “Stay with us, brother ,” said the man, staring at him intently . “If the shangs don’t
get an earful now and then, they’ll pretend we don’t exist. Every voice counts.”
Newcomers just had to be difficult, didn’ t they? He was asking Kavik to take a firmer stance. And a boy asking questions could have been in the
pocket of Teiin or another shang , a spy sent to monitor the crow d. He gave
Kavik a jostle, equal parts fraternal and threatening.
“Sorry , but I have to place an order at the apothecary’ s,” Kavik said. He had his own tasks ahead of him and didn’ t want to make any new friends.
“At this time of day?” The grip on him tightened.
“I know it’s late,” Kavik said quickly . “But Uncle Ping takes his time closing and always lets me get a request in before he goes home.”
He watc hed the story work its way through the man’ s head. Perhaps he’d overdone it with the detail s. But the delay alone was enough. “There
he is! There’ s Teiin!” came a shout. When the man turned to look, Kavik slipped out of his grasp and into the crowd.
He fought his way through the moving mass, swimming parallel to the riptide, and spared a glance at the shrine. The stone steps of Gidu rose
fifteen feet into the air and culminated in a double-roofed hall where the wealthy could pay their respect s to their ancestors and leave offerings for
the spirits. Shang Teiin, a slight but hale man of sixty , had emer ged atop the sacred little island and sneered with distaste down at the people boxing him
in.
“Cheat! Fraud!”
“Pay us what you owe us!”

The angry cries seemed to bother Teiin about as much as falling leaves.
He took a deep breath through his nose, and Kavik’ s heart began racing.
That wasn’t the face of a man ambushed. That was the expression of a man going on the attack.
The shang signa led with his fingers and a squad of men poured out of the shrin e behind him. Hired toughs, headkickers, lying in wait. Whether
through bribes, betrayals, or hiring spies of his own, Teiin had caught wind of the demonstration and prepared his countermoves in advance.
The paid muscle descended the steps and slammed into the front ranks of the crowd. The screaming started, and Kavik pulled his hood down as
low as it could go. He ducked under elbows and spun on the balls of his feet and shoved people from behind when he had to, until he reached the edge of
the square.
He tried to avoid looking back. The fighting would only get so bad. Yes,
there would be fists thrown, and he assumed Teiin’s goons probably had saps and coshes hidden up their sleeves, but that would be the extent of it.
Any bending would be just for bruises. No one in Bin-Er , shang or otherwise, wanted to bring Earth Kingdom law into the city by committing
a capital of fense.
The whole incid ent had nothing to do with him. Never mind that Kavik was the errand runner who’d broken into Gidu Shrine a week ago to copy
the reservation list in the first place. If he hadn’ t taken the job, it would have gone to someone else.
It’ll be all right, he told himself over the chorus of violence behind him.
Only two blocks away from the square, there was peace. No disturbances,
no signs of fighting. Just the muffled quiet of the day winding down. In
Bin-Er , a short walk could land you in another realm entirely .
Kavik passed men and women filing out of shipping offices into the street. They looked neither to the right nor the left at the empty stands that
served only midday meals, the closed shops providing paper and brushes sold by the bale, the auction houses where the prices of cloth and porcelain
across the Four Nations were decided. Only straight ahead, to their beds.
They’d learn about the scuffle in the square, and then they’d simply go around it. The same way you’d take a different route to avoid an overturned

wagon. An inconvenient ruckus, to be certa in. One that happened more frequently these days in Bin-Er , but that was the cost of doing business, no?
Kavik turned off the main street into an alleyway . He hadn’ t known who the buye r of the shrine information was going to be. That was the whole
point of using a broker like Qiu, to keep both sides of a deal anonymous.
Kavik had assum ed it was simp ly another shang who wanted an edge over their rival, the way most of the business for errand runners in Bin-Er was
generated.
He reached the house he was going to break into.
The Blue Manse sat at the very edge of shang territory . Beyon d it was nothing but a vast open field, bisected by the border of the Earth Kingdom
proper . He could see the lantern glow of the guard stations in the distance.
The agents of the Earth King were supposedly on high alert across the continent after His Majesty’ s most recent rampage in Ba Sing Se. Qiu
claimed the walls of the Upper Ring were painted with all the highborn traitors and spies purged from court in this latest round. Not with their
blood, but the people thems elves. They managed to throw enough conspirators up on the walls to get nice, even coverage.
For a broker who needed to deal in quality information, Qiu believed the dumbest stories. But still, Kavik knew it was bad for your health to get
embroiled in a national fray . His work lay completely on the shang side, and for that he was grateful.
He took cover behind a landscaping shed that was probably used for one month out of the entire year. When it was clear , he sprinted across the open
ground and pressed himself against the correct wall. It gave off a chill he could feel on his exposed face. Unlike its brick-and-board neighbors, the
Blue Manse was made entirely of ice.
Kavik wriggled his nose, trying to brush off the itch of many different annoyances at once. The Blue Manse was some-one’ s idea of a grand polar
residence, but it failed to mimic Agna Qel’a’ s architectural traditions. The fancy guest house was too square, too chunky , built without consideration
of the natural movements of melt and snowpack. He knew it required the regular employ of W aterbenders to reshape and refreeze the walls.
Sorry , friends, Kavik thought. At least I’m giving you mor e work.
He shed his parka, folded it neatly , and placed it in a shadow so it would stay dry. Braced by cold and regret, he made a gesture that resembled a

swimmer ’s plunge, melting an alcove into the corner of the building. Kavik stepped inside.
A coffin of ice glittered around him. He was a strange bird squeezed inside a strange eggshell. He couldn’ t afford to make the chamber any
larger or else he’d hatch prematurely into the hallways.
Now came the hard part. With small bending motions, he transformed the ice above his head to water and carefully—carefully—coaxed it to run
down the surface in front of him. Before the drip soaked his feet, he pressed himself upward using the walls to the left and right. Once his legs were in
an elevated straddle, he froze the pool underneath him into a solid floor again.
Six inches. The complex series of steps that had taken him weeks of practice had elevated him by about six inches. Now he had to do it over and
over again until he reached the third floor .
An observer might have wondered why he didn’ t go faste r at the expense of getting wet. An observer could shut their trap and go back to the
middle of the world, where it was soft and warm. As it stood, if Kavik remained perfectly dry, he had about thirty minutes before death from the
cold set in. If freezing water got on him, he might be incapaci tated in less than five.
He painstakingly lifted himself higher through the corner of the building, closing the tunnel behind him. Maybe a better Waterbender ,
Kalyaan the Great for example, could have flowed through solid ice unimpeded. Kavik the Lesser had to squiggle his way throu gh and was
going to need healing for frostbitten hands once he was done.
The walls of the Blue Manse were intentionally opaque for privacy. But they weren’ t perfect cover . While the corners offered the thickest ice for
hiding in, someone passing close by might notice his presenc e. He could hear voices congregated toward the center of the ground floor , some kind of
large gathering Qiu said would serve as a distraction.
It worked well enough. No one wandered over to his corner , and Kavik ascended throug h the first story without any problems. He paused for
breath, crouching in the thick layer of ice that made up the first ceiling and the second floor , and thinned a portion of the ice to peek at the next stage.
There were peop le in the outer hallways this time. With the darkness of night behind him, and the light of oil lamps inside, he had a slight vision

advantage. He could see about four or five blurs standing completely still,
not talking. W ere they waiting in line for something?
Suddenly a pair split off, trom ping in sync down the hall, neither outpacing the other . Kavik would have banged his head against his tiny
chamber had he not been afraid of breaking through it. Those weren’ t idle guests. Those were patrols.
Qiu, you bleeding hog-monkey . Kavik had been told the job was a light grab from a visiting bureaucrat, and there wouldn’ t be any formal security .
Now he was stuck between sky and earth, freezing his tailbone off, inches away from real soldiers and not goons for pay like T eiin’s.
He had to wait until they were gone before he could move. And he had to pick a directi on. Up, and take the biggest risk he ever had as a runner .
Down, and lose the lead he’d been working on for months.
Kavik was forced to burn more of his body’ s time limit just sitting there,
counting off the guard rotations for a window to move. His teeth began to chatter . Hard. When the next pair leaves. Not this pair . The next one.
As soon as their backs turned, he resumed his climb. By his best guess,
he now had to move twice as fast as he was prepared to.
Cold trickles ran down the back of his neck. Sweat would have been bad enough, but this was runof f from the ice above. The freezing water
made him want to scream. He had no choice but to endure it. The guards would be on their return leg now , and he was only a third of the way up.
He hurri ed and got wetter for his troubles. To make things worse, the glow of a hand lamp rounded the bend, someone he hadn’ t accounted for. A
servant fetching a drink or a snack.
The thought of being nabbed for such a stupid reason was too much to bear. Kavik scrabbled upward, throwing caution to the wind in the exact
manner he promised himself he wouldn’ t. By the time the lamp holder passed beneath him, he was tucked away inside the ice between the second
and third floor , his knees pressed to his chin, drenched.
He might as well have plunged head-first into a turtle-seal’ s breathing hole. There wasn’ t enough space to dry himself with full-armed
waterbending. In less than a minute, his muscles would stop moving, and then any sort of death would be free to take him. Prope r freezing,
suffocation. The floor under him could give out and he’d fall three stories.