Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 2)

He need ed to get warm and dry immediately , and the nearest place he could was the room he was trying to break into. There was no other choice.
If the occupants were still inside, he’d throw himself upon their mercy because the cold didn’ t give a lick.
With a burst of desperation, Kavik brought his hands up and melted a small portal. He squirmed through and flopped onto the third floor like a
landed fish, gasping for breath.
The first thing he did was whip the water off himself like it was a cloud of mosquito-lee ches. He spotted a large oil lamp across the room and
pushed himself over to it with his heels, hoping he could get close enough before he blacked out. Kavik had no other concern but the heat. At this
point, if he got caught, he got caught.
But in the first bit of luck he’d had all night, no one interrupted his crawl for survival. The room was empty . Fate allowed the giant soapstone
lamp to do its work, and blood slowly returned to Kavik’ s extremities. Once he had the strength to raise his head, he looked around.
He was in the poshest quarter s of the Blue Manse, that much was obvious. Rich wooden furniture harvested and shaped from continental
trees. Walls insulated with foreign wool rugs. Decorative plants that surely would have perished the instant they left the sanctuary of this floor . No furs
though, strangely enough. Not a single scrap, when desirable hides and skins were one of the staple commodities of Bin-Er .
A desk topped with a giant slab of polished obsidian drew his eye. It held a messy pile of books and scrolls, stacks of correspondenc e. That was
what Qiu had sent him for. Information. More valuable than gold in Bin-Er ,
if it came from the right people, and the magnificence of the room indicated the occupant was definitely the right sort of people.
Kavik got up and wobbled over to the desk, planting a hand on it for support. His orders were to make his way into this room and memorize
anything that looked important, but his brain was barely workin g, and there was so much potential treasure here. The right document could be worth a
hundred times its neighbors.
Might as well start with the ones being used. A large scroll had been spread out, its corners weighed down by books. A building plan of some
sort. He couldn’ t read the notes so he carefully removed the weights, noting how they lay so he could replace them, and held the paper up to the light.

The door opened. He lowered the scroll. A girl, about sixteen or seventeen like him, walked in with her eyes closed.
She wore severa l layers of orange and yellow robes and a damp towel hung around her shoulders. She flapped her hand at her face and the motion
caused her long black hair to stream behind her, blown by an unseen wind.
There was a small cut along her forehead, higher than her hairline would have normally been. The redness stood out on the wide blue arrow tattooed
onto her scalp.
Nicked herself shaving, Kavik thought. An Air Nomad. Why would an
Air Nomad be staying in the Blue Manse, which was normally reserved for
—
Oh no.
Oh no.
The girl opened her eyes. They widened a little when she saw Kavik,
but not by much . She stopped drying her hair and looked at the scroll in his hands. “Please don’ t take that,” she said. “I haven’ t finished studying it.”
Kavik swallowed. If he could open his mouth to speak, he might pray to the Moon and Ocean that this wasn’ t actually happening, and he was
imagining it all in his head. But the one human being who could intercede on his behalf with the spirits was the very person he’d burgled. She could
swat down his pleas, leaving him a luckless forsaken husk.
He handed the scroll back. He could do nothing else.
“Thank you,” Avatar Yangchen said as she took the paper from him.
“You might want to cover your ears now. I’ve been told I can scream pretty loud.”
OceanofPDF .com

F L I G H T
Spirits above, she wasn’ t kidding. The Avatar ’s airbending-powered cry hurt Kavik’ s ears through his palms and snuffed the oil lamp’ s wick out.
The force of her lungs hit him in waves like the roar of a tiger -dillo.
A pair of guards came running down the hallway and blocked the exit.
“Intruder!” they bellowed once they spotted Kavik. “Intruder in the A vatar ’s room!”
One of them raised his fist. Firebender . Kavik didn’ t think. On instinct,
he grabbed the nearest cover and ducked behind it. To everyone’ s great shock, including his own, that was the A vatar herself.
“Swine!” The Firebender was hoarse with fury . “How dare you!”
Hey, no one felt worse about it than him. Using the holiest figure in the world like a plank shield was not his proudest moment. He turned her so
she faced her guards and stayed low, clinging to her waist like a shipwreck survivor to driftwood.
Through the side of his face pressed to her back, he felt a shake. Was she laughing? “Be careful,” she said to her guards. “He’ s a W aterbender .”
That’ s right, he was a Waterbender . And they were inside a house of ice.
One wrong move and he could send deadly shards hurtling into her flesh from all directions. If he were a total monster .
The guards hesitated, and that was enough. The Avatar ’s warning helped Kavik more than anything. He let go of her and stepp ed back to
create some space, jostling the table behind him. A pile of envelopes scattered like fallen leaves.
“What are the chances we can forget this ever happened?” Kavik said to the room. “Genuinely asking.”
Dead silence. “No? All right, then.” With a flourish, he leaned back and splashed through the floor .

The plan was to ignore the cold for now and break his fall with a liquefied section of the Blue Manse. Plunge to the ground level, and then run out the
front door .
For the halfest of seconds he was a genius. A squad of guards barreling up the stairs to protect the Avatar didn’ t notice the boy dropping behind
them. He reache d for the ice that made up the first-floor ceiling and melted it enough to avoid an unpleasant impact, squeezing through the makeshift
portal and then—
—he got stuck. The water had solidified around one of his ankles,
nearly tearing his hip out of its socket, and now he dangled upside down in a reception area, full of tables laden with fine food.
The party was abandoned, the very important guests having fled when the Avatar screamed, no doubt. The only people who remained were two
Water Tribe guards who approac hed Kavik cautiously , one of them wearing a waterskin over his shoulder so he wouldn’ t have to ruin the architecture
like the intruder had. He must have been the Waterbender who’d trapped
Kavik like a side of meat hanging in a smokehouse.
“Brothers?” Kavik tried.
The non-bender hefted a ball club. His partner flicked the cap off his waterskin.
Okay , reasonable. Kavik flung his arms around, freezing the water inside the pouch. The act would buy him an extra moment as the man
struggled in confusion to get his element out of its container . Fire was always fire and rocks were rocks, but water -bending had the extra snag of
managing the change from solid to liquid and back again.
While the bender was distracted, Kavik pulled himself toward his ankle and freed his leg, just in time to avoid the club and fall on the off-balance
man who swung it. He clung tight to the guard’ s parka, planted his feet in the man’s hipbo nes, and rolled them over to put his opponent on top so he
could take the brunt of the water blast the bender finally managed to get out.
The blow was hard enough to knock the man unconscious. These guys were out for blood. Kavik flung the limp guard off him and spun on his
back, not bothering to rise, and kicked a strip of water off the wall,
connecting his foot to the other bender ’s. A yank took the second man down.

The closer to the ground they stayed, the more they flopped around, the better . Kavik was only average at the push and pull of tradition al elemental
combat, but no one had beaten him at wrestling in years. Bending gave him more limbs to work with.
Kavik dodged the water whip that sliced down at his head and froze it to the floor, turning the liquid into ice all the way back up the other bender ’s
arm, pinning him in place. Now was his chance to get away . He scrambled to his feet and leaped out the door .
But before his foot touched down, he was sucked back into the jaws of the Blue Manse by an unseen force tugging on his shirt from behind,
slurped up like a noodle in soup. He’d taken too long. The Waterbender must have freed himself faster than expected and reconnected them. Kavik
landed in the welcoming embrace of four more guards. It was over .
They dogpiled him, twisting his arms behind his back. Through the muffling of their furs, he heard the Avatar ’s voice. “Don’ t hurt the boy,” she
ordered. “Take him to the basem ent and make sure he’s unharme d. I wish to speak with him in a few minutes.”
The full weight of his crimes sunk in as they hauled Kavik away . This wasn’ t just a bad run. He wasn ’t just going to the magistrate’ s cells. This
was the A vatar he’d crossed. What kind of punishment did you get for that?
OceanofPDF .com

F O R G I V E N E S S
It turned out Kavik’ s punishment was pretty basic. It started with a regular old beating.
“Street scum!” A boot landed square in his stomach as he lay curled up on the basement floor . He wrapp ed himself tighter around the ball of pain in
his gut. “How dare you defile the chambers of the Avatar! Laying your filthy hands on her!”
Kavik noticed the trimming on the guard’ s clothes as they kicked him.
Red, green, blue. At least hurtin g him was a multinational effort. He tried to explain with the little remaining air he had left. “I didn’ t mean to—”
“Shut up!” A fist cracked him across the jaw. Blood spilled into his mouth.
Kavik buried his face back into his elbows, but no more blows came.
“Stand him up,” said the leader . “She’ s coming.”
They hoisted him to his feet while he was still in a daze. He heard footsteps coming down the stairs. A swishing hem, a clatter of beads. Once
his vision unblurred, the Avatar stood before him in her full regalia. A
bloom of yellow and orange, dappled with wooden medallion s. She was startlingly pretty . Against the frosted basement walls, her serene features
and deep gray eyes stood out like artwork.
He caught himself and quickly banished the thought from his head. This was the Avatar .
She noticed the small trickle of blood leaking from the corner of
Kavik’ s mouth. “Captain Gai,” she said to the leader of her guards.
“Yes, Mistress?”
“You’re fired.”
The bluntness of her statement caused it bounce off Kavik’ s ears. Gai needed a moment too. “I’m sorry?” he said.
The Avatar turned to him. “You and your men are all fired. I told you not to hurt him and you did. What’ s not to understand?”

“But . . . but . . .”
“None of you are eligible for employment for security in the Avatar ’s retinue anymore .” Her voice never rose above a conversational level, and
yet the men wilted as if she were spouting dragon’ s breath. “Report to
Boma and tell him what you did so he can strike your names from the lists.
Now .”
Kavik had never seen so many grown men hang their heads like children. They shuffled back up the stairs, leaving him alone with the
Avatar . She took a step closer .
He threw himself at her feet, pressing his forehead to the cold floor .
“I’m sorry!” he wailed. “I’m so sorry! I didn’ t know! I didn’ t know !”
“Shh-shh, it’s all right.” She knelt down and raised his head. Through his tears he saw her bend some clean water from a basin. The pulsing liquid
shone when she pressed it to his face. The swelling subsided, and he could feel the gash on the inside of his mouth seal itself.
“Hands now ,” she said. “Before they fall of f.”
She’d noted the early stages of frostbite. Kavik held out his hands. The
Avatar layered his fingers between hers, the gesture uncomfortably intimate, and this time the glow was warm. Feeling returned to his skin.
Fixing damage from the cold was a lengthy , specific proce ss, and he wondered how she came by the knowledge.
“Are you hurt anywhere else?” she asked. “What about your body?”
He shook his head. His stomach was bruised but his ribs were still intact. “I’m fine.”
She looked like she doubted that very much. “You picked the wrong stage in the Avatar cycle to rob. Air Nomads don’t have much in the way of
possessions.”
He owed her the truth. “I didn’ t know it was the Avatar ’s room. And I
wasn’ t after valuables. I wanted information I could sell.”
“Ah.” She raised her eyebrows, her interest piqued. “Y ou must be one of those errand runners Bin-Er is so famous for. I was warned before coming
here that I’d be entering a city of spies.”
So she’d heard. In the shang territories, information intelligence was by far the most desirable currency . Fortunes traveled on paper . Deals in the
making, contrac ts, meeting notes, even sharply worded letters could herald business opportunities with unlimited potential upside for anyone in the

know . Sometimes there was only a verbal agreement tying obscene sums of money together , in which case you needed a person listening in the right
place at the right time.
The Avatar sighe d and shook her head. “Everyone you meet in Bin-Er is in someone else’s pocket, or so I’ve heard the saying go. Which shang do
you work for?”
“None,” Kavik said. “I’m indep endent. I’m just trying to surviv e day to day.”
“Supporting a family?”
“No.” His voice cracked. “I came to Bin-Er by myself after my parents died. I thought there’d be steady work, but I couldn’ t find any. I’ve got
nothing to my name.”
“You’re alone.” She stared into the distance, as if she were mulling over a strange scent, before returning to him. “I’m sorry . I’ve never really been
alone, not ever . I can’ t imagine what it’ s been like for you.”
“It’s hard in the city.” He sniffed and wiped his nose. “Touts for work crews come to your village and tell stories about how the streets of Bin-Er
are pave d in gold and anyone who’ s clever enough can become a great merchant as long as they work hard,” he said. “Then you get here and find
out the harsh truth. You’re not worth anything until someone else decides you are.”
The lamplight flickered, and he thought he saw a flash of anger ,
approaching hatred, ripple across her face. But he must have imagined it.
Her expression of Air Nomad grace was all the stronger for the troubled twist of her lips. “I’m hoping I can change such attitudes before they
become permanent. Let a problem last for too long and people begin to believe it’s not a problem.” She chewed on her cheek. “Maybe I can start
with you. Y ou only run errands for the money , right?”
Kavik shrugged. “Why else would anyone get into this line of business?”
“Well, that settles it.” She reached into her wide sleeve and pulled out a large purse. “If you had some silver weighing you down, maybe you’d be
less keen a bur glar.”
“Wait.” Somewhere along the line they’d skipped a few steps. “I don’t understand.”

She thought he was confused about why she had money to begin with.
“Diplomatic expense budget,” she explained.
“That’ s not it.” Why would she be loading his pockets before sending him to face his punishment, unless . . . “You’re going to let me go?” Kavik
asked.
“What do you want me to do, throw you in Air Temple jail? Trust me;
this is a matter of convenience. I don’t have to deal with the work you’d create otherwise, and you get to stay off the streets for however long this
gift lasts.” She loosened the drawstrings.
He couldn’ t believe it. His eyes and ears deceived him. “Wait!” Kavik sputtered, remem bering various bits of spiritual regulations he wasn’ t even
sure were correct. “An Air A vatar shouldn’ t touch money!”
She rolled her eyes, and for his sake more than hers, widened the mouth of the bag without touching the contents. Holding it like a pitcher , she
poured a stream of coins into his hands. He watched the flow of generosity ,
a miracle in a city as mercenary as Bin-Er .
When she was done, she gestured at the wall behind him. “There’s an exit that leads out the side. Get out of here while you have the chance. And
don’t let anyone see you.”
Air Nom ads really were different in spirit. Kavik put the coins in his pockets and pushed open the iced-over door. He climbed the cramped stairs,
disbelieving each step he took. In defiance of how his night had gone, they led to the street, and freedom.
No one accosted him. It was as if the Avatar ’s blessing lingered over his skin like armor . He went around the building and picked up his parka. Once
he was fully dressed, he joined the remaining stragglers in the international district.
What just happened? he thought, looking up at the starry sky. He would never be able to explain it, not in this era or the next.
Kavik walked for a couple more blocks and then took a sudden right, using a big man as a screen so anyone following him from behind wouldn’ t see
his change in direction until it was too late.
Sprinting down the alley , he opened a door he knew was unloc ked and left it slightly ajar to make it look like he’d gone inside when he hadn’ t. His

real path was the brick wall covered in a thick layer of ice from a leaky drainpipe. With a pull of water bending, he shaped handholds that let him
cross to the other side with ease, and then broke the ice. It fell to the ground and shattered, looking like a victim of its own weight.
He took another right, then a left, and a right again. Only when he was sure he hadn’ t been tailed did he walk around the block to the entrance of a
dimly lit hall. He knocked on the door normally , without any pattern.
It swung open. A gray-haired W ater T ribe woman peered up at Kavik.
“Well, you look smitten,” Mama Ayunerak said. “I haven’ t seen that dopey grin since Meihua dumped you.”
Narrowly gettin g away with one’s life could do that to a man. Kavik looked over her shoulder inside. The shelter was packed tonight, benches
and tables full of men and women tucking into bowls of searoot porridge.
Ayunerak ran a kitchen for workers caught without work, mostly newcomers who relied on the free meals she provided. The city might have
doubled in size while she’d lived here, but the old woman wasn’t going to let the customs of Water Tribe hospitality be forgotten. Food was meant to
be shared with anyone who needed it.
“I have something for you,” Kavik said. He produced a fistful of coins,
the first of several.
Ayunerak’ s mouth fell open in shock. “Wha—Where did you—”
“Don’ t ask.” He scooped the money out of his pockets into her hands,
trying not to drop any. He shou ld have asked the Avatar for the bag itself.
She was nice enough to have given it to him.
“It’s been a while since you visited your cousins in Port Tuugaq , right?”
Kavik said. “Take some of that money and go see them. Do it for all us saps who don’t have travel rights.” He gave the stunned woman a quick nuzzle
on the cheek. “I wasn’ t here.”
Ayunerak was too dumbfounded to shout at him as he ran back around the corner. Near her kitchen’ s refuse trough, close to the ground and
covered by rotting cabbage leaves, was a loose brick. And hidden behind that was a key .
Without further incident, he reached Bin-Er ’s Water Tribe Quarter . Its dwellings were fitted to the seasons, and right now built with panes of
windblown snow . Made of winter to withstand winter . When it got warmer

in the summer , the residents would switch over to sod houses and tents as necessary .
Looking at the white domes, Kavik scrunched his upper lip in a burst of fresh irritation at the square ice of the Blue Manse. He could easily imagine
it having been built for Middler dignitaries who merely wanted the novelty of sleeping under frozen water .
But what right did he have to criticize? Nearby was one of the largest homes in the neighborhood, a creaky stalwart of old Bin-Er that looked like
it belonged in Omashu. He walked up the hard dirt path, shoo k the snow from his boots, and used his key to unlock the door .
Warm, steamy air bathed his face. “I’m home,” he called out.
Inside, a woman looked up from the pot of stew she was stirring. His mother brushed a loop of hair out of her face and gave him a smile. “You’re
back late. How was your day?”
“Was okay .” Almost died. Met the Avatar . Stole from her. He wedged his boot off and retrieved the folded envelope he’d managed to grab from her
room before he’d plunged through her floor .
Taking items themselves wasn’ t as good as leaving them undisturbed.
The Avatar would realize one of her letters was missing, and then it would be off to an endless cycle of her knowing someone else knew what she
knew . The information game often devolved into such never -ending spirals,
a spider -snake swallowing its own tail.
But the envelop e was still worth something for merely having passed through her hands. He had to decide whether to break the seal; the value
could be higher with an aura of mystery around it.
He tucked it under his shirt for later. “Be careful passing through the square tomorrow ,” he said to the man sitting behind a desk in the corner .
“There was trouble earlier .”
His father barely looked up from the ledgers he’d brought home from the coun ting house. A grunt came back in response. More acknowledgment
than Kavik got on most nights . He hung his parka up. Without the extra layers he could hear his stomach rumble. Despite the bruise he knew was
growing on his stomach, he was hungry .
“What’ s for dinner?” he asked his family .
OceanofPDF .com

U N W I N D I N G
He thought the thrill would have lasted longer . But after a big score, you had to go home , he supposed. You had to wash up and put food in your
belly—tonight, arctic hen and sea prune stew. Obligations, none of them particularly exciting.
Kavik emer ged from his room, his prize stashed away , his hands and face cleaned of his activities. He hadn’ t spotted any visible wounds on his
face, and neither had his parents. The A vatar ’s healing was flawless.
“Are there any letters?” Kavik asked. He always asked. The answer was always no.
“No,” said his mother , who knew how important the question remained.
“I checked not long before you returned.”
His father finished his tabulations, swiping back and forth in the air on an imagined abacus with his left hand and scratching the results into a book
with his right. Once he was done, he put down his sharpened charcoal and got up from the desk.
Kavik’ s mother brought the cookpot over to the rug and set it on the low table. Three settings lay equally distant from each other . As she ladled broth
into their bowls , Kavik thought about what the Avatar had said earlier . Let things slide for too long and you’d be tricked into thinking they’d always
been that way .
“What put you in the square at this hour?” his father asked.
So much for the moment of quiet contemplation. “I was . . . Old Chan asked me to do a favor and pick up an order for him at the apothecary .”
Might as well reuse material. Kavik’ s parents had heard him talk about a string of odd jobs since leaving Nuqingaq’ s; currently he was sweeping up
at a tea shop.
“I stopped by Chan’s earlier ,” his father said. “He claims he hasn’t seen you in weeks.”

Crud. An unforced error . They’d been doing so well for so long,
avoiding conflic t over Kavik’ s activities. But he supposed another round was due. The tides would always come in.
“I was working on the other side of town,” Kavik said, truthfully . “I
wasn’ t doing anything dangerou s.” Less so. “I didn’ t tell you I left Chan’ s because you worry about every little change that walks into my life.”
“I wish you didn’ t think us fools,” his father said. “At least tell us who your boss is.”
In case you disappear too. Too bad he couldn’t, even if he wanted to.
Kavik might have lied to the Avatar about not having a family , but the part about being an independent runner was accurate. He really wasn’ t in the
pocket of Teiin or any of the merchant leaders. He’d managed to carve out a niche in Bin-Er as the runner who didn’ t charge much and would take
answers to certain questions instead of money .
“Kavik,” his mother said when he didn’ t respond. “Y ou know where this path ends.”
“Yes,” he said, his tongue loosening before he could stop it. “Right here.
With the two of you doing absolutely nothing.”
“Kavik,” his father said.
It seeme d so unfair , the way he had to heap point upon logic al point whenever he argued with his parents, but all they had to do was say his
name. He could never balance the scale when his feelings and ideas were considered moss against their stone. Months of pent-up frustration poured
out. “You told me to wait. What has waiting gotten us? Whe n I am out there, I am looking for him. I am following leads. I am working to get
Kalyaan back.”
“Kavik, please,” his mother begged. “Please, stop.”
Stop hurting us, their faces said. Stop breaking our hearts. We can’t lose you too.
He came to with a blink. When had he raised his hands in the air? How loud had he gotten? He flushed with regret and shame. His mother and
father were loving, kind, patien t with him beyond reason. Losing control was a failure on his part to act grown.
A knock came at the door . Thank the spirits for that.
At this time of day, it was probably one of his father ’s colleagu es from
Nuqingaq’ s coming by to pick up or drop off more paperwork. Kavik and

his parents made sure their expressions were back in order , not wanting to show any signs of strife in front of a caller . They were on thin ice with the
rest of the W ater T ribe Quarter as it stood.
His mother went to the front entrance and unlatched it. The door swung open and she let out a cry, her stoicism stripped away before it had a chance
to settle. “By the lights!”
Kavik thought she was screami ng because of him. In a way she was,
because a young Air Nomad woman now stood outside his house.
“Hello,” the Avatar said. She spotted Kavik over his mother ’s shoulder ,
and a gleaming smile spread across her face like a sharp knife slicing open a patch of leathe r. “My name is Yangchen. May I come inside and talk for a
moment?”
OceanofPDF .com

THE VISITOR
Kavik’ s mother tried to sink to her knees but Yangchen quickly put a stop to it, propping her up.
“Please, please!” Y angchen said. “I didn’ t mean to put you out.”
“Avatar , we are honored beyond belief!” Kavik’ s father said. He mopped his brow with his cuf f, trying to remember the rules for greeting the
greatest spiritual presence in the world. “Of course you may come in! Our home is your home.”
Kavik’ s parents were better at recognizing faces from portraits than he was. Then again , the Avatar did tell them her name right away . Yangchen
slipped of f her shoes and stepped inside. She was alone.
“You have a lovely house,” she said, wielding the complimen t like a club against Kavik. “May I?”
She held up her staff, indicating she wanted to lean it next to his parka.
His parents nodded so hard their heads threatened to fall off. They shuffled further and further backward the deeper inside the house the Avatar got.
Kavik’ s mother reached up and pushed on the back of her son’s neck. His gaze wasn’ t humbly lowered enough.
“There’ s no need to be formal,” Yangchen said. “Maybe . . . consider this a visit of alms? W ould that work?”
For the sake of practicality , she was asking to be treated as regular Air
Nomad, touchin g down on the middle of a journey to seek donations of food and shelter . But Kavik’ s parents would have pulled out every stop for
that too. Many families across the world would, regardless of nation or circumstance. To give hospitality to a monk or a nun was a great fortune. A
peace laid upon one’ s spirit.
But not to Kavik. Not this time, and not with this nun. He was prey caught in a snare. Like a cornered lop-eared rabbit, he had to avoid
thrashing his back out in fear .