Title: Book design by Brenda E. Angelilli and Deena Fleming (Part 4)

The shangs got up slowly from the puddles of fine furs and wools keeping them warm. Some of them not at all. The disjointed sequence, their
reluctance to remove their hoods, could have been a natural reaction to
Yangchen’ s lateness. It also could have been intentional.
Boma tolerated many things, but never disrespect to his charge from those who should have known better. “In the Four Nations, you rise in the
presence of the A vatar!” he snarled.
Her guardian occupied a strange, undefined role in her retinue, and
Yangchen never cared to forma lize it to others. He was Boma, just Boma,
and his presence beside her was not to be questioned. He didn’ t look the part of a dignita ry, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking,
and nobles sometimes rankled at his presence. He had no problem rankling back.
The laggards among the shangs finished their bows and engage d Boma in a staring competition. She put a hand on her friend’ s arm. They were not
off to a good start for her mission.
“Apologies, Avatar Yangchen,” said a man in the center of the room.
“The cold makes us all a little slower . I am Henshe, Zongdu of Bin-Er . We are blessed by your visit.”
Henshe was a deeply handsome man in his mid-twenties. The youngest person ever to hold his position, if Yangchen’ s research was correct. She
returned his bow. “Thank you, Master Henshe. You have a . . . lovely city.”
The first part of the complimen t slipped out by reflex and the latter out of obligation.
He motioned at a large, raised chair that had been reserved for her. “You don’t have your famous lemurs with you? A shame, I’ve been told they’re
adorable.”
They were. But it was hard to be taken seriously at times with Pik and
Pak chasing each other around her shoulders. She took her seat and wondered if it was intentionally too big, with a slippery bottom that
threatened to dump her on the floor if she leaned back.
Tea was poured for everyone. Yangchen noticed the cups were lined with silver, the metal twirled into the porcelain with outrageously expensive
craftsmanship. A single piece of the service alone could have fetched ten times as much money as she’d poured into Kavik’ s hands last night. “I
understand this is your first visit to a shang territory ,” Hensh e said. “If I

could be allowed to give you an overview of our wonderful system and how it was formed?”
She already knew how the current version of Bin-Er came to be. And
Taku, and Jonduri closer to the Fire Nation, and Port Tuugaq near the
Southern Water Tribe. The system wasn’ t ancient, and there wasn’ t much history to learn. She was about to say so but Sidao, who had taken up a
position next to the zongdu, looked at the ceiling and flared his nostrils, as if the refusal halfway out her mouth was giving of f a smell.
Fine. If she didn’ t follow protocol and listen now , someone was going to accuse her of ignorance later. She reached for the armrests, found them too
far away , and settled with folding her hands in her lap.
Henshe cleared his throat. “When I was but a young boy living in the outskirts of the Middle Ring, I dreamed of a place where opportunity could
be reaped by anyone with the will to sow. As I grew older , I often spent my days down at the supply gates, watching the carts full of trade goods flow in
and out, in and out, like lifeblood through a beating heart . . .”
Yangchen fough t her groan a little too hard and ended up making a strained noise like she was earthbending a rock too big for her to lift.
Henshe didn’ t notice and carrie d on without a hitch. His summary of the situation, once the glaze of his own life story had been scraped away , was
generally accurate. The harsh truth was that Bin-Er and the shang cities owed their privileged status to the worst blunder of international politics in
generations. The Platinum Af fair.
In the long annals of the Earth Kingdom, rulers came and went. And so did the various military leaders, ministers, and family members who tried to
depose them. Time’s unceasing passage made the exercise of determining who would control the largest of the Four Nations seem dry. The occasional
tussle that sprang up now and again.
Living through such strife wasn’ t so academic. Eight years ago, the world watched with bated breath as the loyalist forces of Earth King
Feishan and the rebel legions of General Nong danced around each other ,
avoiding a pitched battle. Neith er side wanted to throw away their chances for success in a single moment.
The Fire Lord and the Chief of the Water Tribe lost patie nce and conspired in secret to back Nong. While keeping up the pretense of
friendliness toward both sides, they loaned funds to the Earth King in the

form of paper bank notes, and sent Nong ingots of platinum, superior to gold in purity and portability .
The idea was to influence the war in favor of the renegade general by supplying him with more valuable money . Given only written promises, the
loyalist soldiers on the other side would lose confidence in their king’ s ability to pay them and eventually refuse to fight.
What no one accounted for was the Earth King’ s hidden boldness and surprising battle field acumen. He found the moment he’d been waiting so
long for, fell upon General Nong at Llamapaca’ s Crossing, and wiped his enemy of f the face of the map.
The Earth King knew what his fellow heads of state had done. In retribution, he closed his nation ’s ports, cut off diplomatic communication,
and expelled ambassadors from his land. And he’d kept the captured platinum, meltin g it down and using it to plate the giant badger -mole statue
behind his throne. Relations would return to normal when the entire surface fully tarnished and appeared as stone, he declared. Which was to say not for
a century or more.
The Water Tribes and Fire Nation struck back by announcing similar states of isolatio n and for a little while there was quiet, silent panic behind
closed doors. Three out of four nations were now blind to each other ’s actions, and that made them paranoid. Very few people other than Air
Nomads were allowed to travel as they did before.
But despite the climate of political hostility , Earth King Feishan and his court still liked Fire Nation pepper and W ater T ribe lamp oil. There was still
money to be made exporting fine Omashu silk. So, in a face-saving handshake between king, chief, and lord, a few cities were chosen to handle
controlled amou nts of international trade under the strict purview of selected noble and merchant families. Those people became known as
shangs.
“Each shang city has an elected officer called a zongdu who is responsible for solving problems and collecting customs revenue on behalf
of our respective nations,” Henshe said, once he was done explaining the state of world affairs. “A zongd u serves for a few years at most, before we
step down and are replaced by another .”
“In a way , they are A vatars,” Sidao said.
Yangchen snapped to attention. “They’re what now?”

“A zong du is like a modern-day Avatar ,” Sidao said. “They serve others in their time, in an endlessly repeating cycle. They hold one of the few
important positions in this world granted by means other than bloodline.
They negotiate between interna tional parties and need not be born of the country they work in. Zongdu Dooshim was Henshe’ s forebear , as Avatar
Szeto was yours.”
Clever analogy . And another slight to her and her past lives. Yangchen raised her palm to quell the fury she knew was running through Boma and
glanced at the zongdu himself. Henshe clutched his notes and gave her a wide-eyed little shake of his head. I didn’ t tell him to say that.
“The shang cities are stable, balanced, and self-suf ficient,” Sidao went on, as proudly as if he’d invented them himself. “Avatar Szeto would surely
have approved of our great system.”
An unusual Avatar , Szeto had also managed to hold the position of
Grand Advisor to the Fire Lord during his era. Many people weren’ t shy about telling Yangchen the young Air Nomad what her venerable
predecessor would have thought, would have done. She waited for others to cut in after Sidao, but no one did. They were keeping things simple for her .
Good. An opening. “Thank you for the enlightening glimpse into recent history ,” she said. “Bin-Er and its sister cities are quite the marvel of human
accord. A testament to the great feats that can be accomplished when the powers of the Four Nations are aligned in a single purpose.”
A few nods from the shangs. Everyone liked compliments. “But no system is perfect,” Y angchen said.
Sidao’ s head turned so sharply that his beard generated its own breeze.
“A mountain is more than its peak,” Yangchen said. “We cannot declare true prosperity from looking at only a handful of accounts. No tower can
stand on a mire of suf fering.”
What is she doing? Yangchen was accustomed to the question flying around in her presence, usually silently , on occasion out loud. Glances
darted across the room like volleys of arrows in a heated battle.
“There is a great deal of misery in this city that goes overlook ed,” she said. “I would ask the people here, who have benefited so much from the
arrangements made in the wake of the Platinum Affair, to listen harder to the spirit of generosity that I know lives in each and every one of your
hearts.”

Henshe cleared his throat. “Are you asking my masters for alms,
Avatar?”
She was glad for the direct question; it meant she could stop flowering her language. “No. I am asking you to help me create a place where alms
aren’ t necessary .”
A forest of frow ns had sprouted. She had an example prepared thanks to
Kavik, who was already providing value as an informant. “Ther e was a riot in the square last night, was there not?” Y angchen asked.
Henshe’ s grimace gave him away . Sweeping the incident under the rug would have fallen on him. “There was an incident, yes, but it was quickly
resolved.”
You mean hidden from me. Based on Kavik’s description, Yangchen spotted an old man dressed in a strategic blend of muted colors sitting in the
middle of the pack. That was the funny thing about the shangs. Unlike some glad-handing nobles and ministers who rushed her during meetings, hoping
to impress their name in her memory , most of these merchants preferred to remain part of an indistinguishable mass.
Well, no longer . They would be named. “It was you, Master Teiin, who shortchanged your workers to the point of starting a riot, was it not?”
Yangchen said, singling the man out with her finger . “It seems you canceled a construction project of your own volition before it was finished and then
decided you didn’ t have to pay for any of the work at all.”
A murmur went through the room. Not at Teiin’s sharp practice but at the fact that the Avatar knew about it. Teiin shifted in his seat and answered
her with a water y hiss that she could barely hear. “Last night I was waylaid by violent ruffians whom I didn’ t recognize. As for my dealings, they are
entirely my own and no one else’ s.”
You need at least two sides for a deal, Master . “My point is, we can ease the troubles of Bin-Er by treating its occupants with respect befor e they
grow as desperate as they did last night,” Yangchen said. “That means paying them fairly , instead of abusing their lack of options due to the
restrictions forced upon them by the Platinum Af fair.”
She wrinkled her nose. “And despite what I said earlier , more alms are always good. The situation is dire enough that supplicants are sneaking out
of the city without clearance and seeking refuge at the Northern Air
Temple. Abbot Sonam has his hands full trying to take care of them. There

is a direct chain of events between excessive desires in the present and widespread pain in the future.” She was trying so hard not to use the word
greed to avoid offending her audience. Why? she wondered. Why was the obligation on her to dance?
“Avatar ,” Sidao pleaded. “Ther e are no such formalities in place for what you’re asking.”
“Then we can draft them,” Yangchen said. “I’m willing to hold the brush. My friends, every day the chance to make the Four Nations a better
place pays us a visit. Every day, rain or shine or snow , the opportunity comes calling. Let us not turn away such an important guest.”
She paused and swallowed. It was a good speech. She thought it was a good speech. Perhaps not Szeto- worthy , but enough to make her point clear .
Wasn’t it?
She wasn’t going to get an answer from her audience. The shangs were as unres ponsive as corpses. She tried to fill the void. “I have plans, based
off successful policies from the archives of Omashu, that I’d be more than happy to share. The cost would not be onerous to any of you in the least—”
“Avatar .” The woman who interrupted her was draped in pearls from shoulder to shoulder . “Is there a spirit in the room with us?”
Yangchen blinked. “I don’ t understand the question, Mistress . . .”
“Noehi.” The name was delivered with a quick, practiced smile, eyes included in the squeeze. “Many of us have heard of your great prowess in
spiritual matters. How you quelled the afflictions of the Saowon clan in the
Fire Nation. The lives you saved in Tienhaishi from the great spirit.” She tilted her head. “Though I have heard from some it was actually a typhoon
that leveled the city .”
Yangchen remained quiet, as she often did when it came to her battle with Old Iron.
Noehi took notice and smirked . “I asked because, well, unles s we’re being haunted right now by a glowing presence demanding the silver from
our purses, I don’t see the merit of your demands,” she said. “Bin-Er is a city of reason and commerce. W e’re not superstitious bumpkins who rely on
oracles like the court of Tienhaishi, nor are we petty Fire Nation lords cowering in our castles, praying for better harvests.”
This obviously wasn’ t the first time the woman had delivered a gentle letting-down in a delicate social situation. Poor dear , best to be direct. “The

fact of the matter is you don’ t have any right to tell us what to do.”
Opening her mouth to retort would have only made Yangchen look foolish. Because there was nothing she could say in response. She thought
she’d come to Bin-Er armed with the truth. But so had her opponents. And their weapons were sharper .
Noehi drove the point of the spear home. “You don’t have any power here, A vatar ,” she said. “Y ou simply don’ t.”
OceanofPDF .com

KEEPING SCORE
Yangchen blinke d and looked around, even though she knew to search for help would be a flaring signal of her defeat. Boma couldn’ t meet her eyes.
He’d been privy to all her business so far as the Avatar , but her guardian was out of his depth here. They both were. What Noehi said wasn’t a slight
to her of fice; it was a simple fact.
Sidao probably should have said something to preserve the dignity of
Avatarhood itself. Yangchen was nominally his employer , after all. But he was caught between his money and his duty .
It was Henshe the peacekeeper , her supposed counterpart, who took pity on her. “Avatar , your wisdom is much appreciated,” he said with the grace
of a diplomat. One who was on the winning side. “We will meditate upon your advice and seek to incorporate it into our lives.”
Advice. Was there ever such a useless gift? Advice was like fanning the sky and claimin g responsibility for the weather . Sitting in her grand chair ,
Yangchen saw the future as clearly as she saw the past. She would leave
Bin-Er , to carry out the next of her never -ending list of duties. And the shangs would turn to each other and say , Well, wasn’ t that inter esting?
“Surely . . . surely you can see a long-term . . . long-run . . .” Yangchen took a deep breath. She needed to offer them something, but what? “Surely
you can see the long-term benef it of investing in the people of this city. The spirits smile upon those who take care of their neighbors.”
The shangs in the room, not just Noehi, fought to hide emboldened smiles of their own. We’re trading blows with the Avatar and coming out
ahead. What else can we do? Fly?
“If the spirits have a problem with Bin-Er , they haven’ t shown it yet,”
Noehi said. “Unless . . .” She made a droll performance of looking around her shoulders, above her head for the phantom she mentioned earlier .
Chuckles. They were laughing at the Avatar . That was fine. Yangchen would let them mock her, give them anything she could, equal status at

whatever imaginary table they wanted. “Please,” she said, debasing the one asset she had left to give. “Who ever unites with me in this effort would be
marked by history . I ur ge you, join me in companionhood and duty .”
Status as an Avatar ’s companion was going cheap these days. But she could find no takers. “Our duty is to manage the flow of trade between the
Four Nations,” Teiin said. “Not to throw bones at every barking animal in the street. As long as Earth King Feishan gets his portion of the revenues,
he doesn’ t care how we manage our business.”
Teiin sniffed and drew his thick cloak around him. How dare she waste his time. “Henshe put it sufficiently ,” said the man who thought it cheaper
to beat people than give them their due. “Your advice has been heard. I
think we’re done here.”
Yangchen’ s fingers dug into the armrests like claws. The only person who sensed the danger was Boma.
It would have been easy to blam e another life, to pretend a bad memory of being scorned pushed her over the edge. But it was Avatar Yangchen
alone who decided that she was no longer giving advice. And that they weren’ t done.
She stood up before Teiin could. “The Earth King cares about being cheated,” she said. “He cares about treason.”
The silence that fell upon the room rolled back and forth, flattening the occupants under its belly , squeezing the air out of them. Yangchen’ s words
sucked the blood from faces, tugged jaws downward, turned the members of her audience to stone.
“What—Why would you say that?” Sidao asked, total shock stripping the high flourishes from his words.
Henshe wiped his mouth with his palm. “Avatar , you know as well as we do the ramifications of using such indelicate language in matters
concerning His Majesty the Earth King. Can you explain yourself?”
She could. “According to your latest charters, the shangs of this city are allowed to move cargo with twenty-eight specific authorized grand junks.
But I can personally attest to the fact that forty-four distinct ships docked last month.”
The lack of response told her the numbers were accurate enough.
“They’re easier to count from above,” Yangchen explained, pointing upward. “I’ve been surveilling the city for weeks.”

Revealing to the shangs that her official arrival date had been false, and she’d been watching them in secret, tipped her hand a great deal. She told
herself this was a strategic provocation. Not an attempt to assert herself in a group of older men and women who had shown her contempt.
Jump off a cliff and you might as well flap your arms. “Bribing enough harbormasters to run hidden traffic must be expensive,” Yangchen said.
“Which means the returns must be significant. Could it be that Bin-Er is generating a large amount of revenue that the Earth King doesn’ t know
about? When we all know how sensitive His Majesty is about not getting his due, thanks to Zongdu Henshe’ s wonderful lesson?”
Sensitive was an understatement. The man had carved bloody grooves into the world over money . “Even worse,” Yangchen continued. “Any ships
unaccounted for could be holding spies and other security risks to His
Majesty’ s rule.”
No one was chuckling anymore, not even in defense. “If there is an excess of money in this city, perhaps it’s only a rounding error and can be
reconciled by directing the funds to more charitable efforts,” she said.
“Sometime before I next speak to the Earth King.”
Boma cleared his throat. “Avatar , I believe you are scheduled for an audience with His Majesty three months from now .”
“Is that so?” Y angchen said. “W ell then.”
The shangs said nothing. Henshe looked to the side and made a face
Yangchen couldn’ t see. Another brawl he had to clean up. “Thank you,
Avatar ,” he said in a weary rasp, his voice already overused. “I’m sure a reconciliation can be achieved.”
OceanofPDF .com

FALLBACK PLANS
The rest of the meeting . . . went. Tongues formed words, words came out of mouths, but nothing of import was said. The Avatar ’s challenge was an
iron pillar in the middle of the road. Every piece of conversation had to go around it.
Toward the end, Yangchen realized how big of a mistake she’d made.
She cursed herself over and over again. Strategic provocation, nothing. It was a reckless bet, spurred on by her wounded pride.
The session concluded with a second round of refreshments. Never before had tea been drunk so fast. Yangchen announced she would be
returning to her lodgings for the rest of the day, pretending she was hiding a sore throat.
“Avatar , I beg your permission to stay behind a bit,” Sidao said. “The hall contains some minor historical artifacts of interest to me.”
The request came easily , and his excuse had already been prepared.
Sidao collected many times his official salary in kickbacks from the women and men in this room, and he most certainly had to smooth an entire nest of
ruffled feathers. She gave him her leave.
Henshe offered to see her out and she accepted. Yangchen walked down the long corrido r side by side with the Zongdu of Bin-Er , Boma trailing
behind like a chaperone to a couple weighing a political marriage.
“Avatar , I . . . ah . . .” Henshe tried to find his footing. “I wish you had brought the matter of the ships to me first, in private. I would have been in a
better position to help you.”
She had been thinking the same thing. The zongdu could have negotiated with the shangs for better conditions behind closed doors. She
and Henshe together could have let the merchants say no at first, and then chipped away at their stubbornness gradually until a new shape of the future
was ready to be unveiled. They could have pretended it wasn’ t blackmail.

“I regret the delivery ,” Yangchen said. “But not the contents. Your masters are men and women so enamored with themselves that they justify
squeezing commonfolk and cheating kings.”
Henshe sighed, as if that were rebuttal enough. You just don’t know how the world works. “It’s their right to look out for themselves and their
families.”
Yangchen did know how the world worked; that was why she acted like she did. “Family isn’ t an excuse to trample upon others, Master Henshe.”
“Well put. I will do what I can to convince them of your wisdom.”
Henshe bowed slowly , deeply , the full gesture of respect for an A vatar .
His wince on the way down brought forth a surge of pity in Yangchen.
She could believe in this moment Sidao’ s claim of equivalence between an
Avatar and a zongdu. “I’m sorry for causing you trouble.”
Henshe shrugged and smiled. “Problem-solving. It’ s our job.”
Yangchen waited until he was gone before beckoning Boma closer. “I need you to do something for me.” She whispered instructions in his ear .
She had to salvage something useful from the pieces of the deadlock she’d so clumsily broken. The shangs would react. Confer with each other .
If they were going to blow wind, she needed to know the direction.
Boma’ s whiskers twitched as she explained her plan. “Please reconsider .”
“It’s just listening. Is that not my job as the A vatar? T o listen?”
He had to offer a token amount of resistance to her ploys to soothe his conscience. He’d sworn an oath to the Western elders to keep her safe.
Luckily , she wasn’ t planning anything as dangerous as fighting a giant armored spirit right now . “Tell me when,” Boma said.
“I will. Keep walking.”
The two of them strolled down the vaulted corridor of the hall. Searing brightness came through the windows, the higher sun reflecting off the
snow . They reached the door Yangchen had memorized from the building plans Kavik nearly stole before she had the chance to. She took a quick
glance around once they were shielded from view by a little foyer . “Now ,”
she said.

Yangchen twirled of f her heavy hooded cloak and draped it over Boma’ s shoulders. As he stepped out into the snow , he tried to get a little bit more
height by straightening his back and rising on the balls of his feet. Anyone watching from the second floor would see the Avatar heading back to her
bison.
The effect was . . . not good. Boma’ s impersonation of her looked tipsy ,
and she’d failed to consider the obvious. T wo people leaving were now one.
She didn’ t have time to bemoan the shortcomings of her plan. She earthbent a section off the plastered-over wall next to her, keeping the
bricks together as a single panel, to reveal a cramped nook. She stepped inside and pulled the brickwork shut behind her as tightly she could.
This maintenanc e tunnel was her access point to the under ground flues running below the original gathering hall. In days long past, hot air and
smoke from an ancient furnace flowed underneath the leaders of Bin-Er to keep them warm. Yangchen didn’ t know why the system had been
abandoned when the hall was rebuilt through successive generations.
Maybe a cost problem. She flicked her hand open to hold a candle’ s worth of flame and looked around.
She frow ned once her eyes adjusted to the darkness. The dusty gap before her was between knee and waist high. The plans had been a topdown view only and made no mention of this axis.
No matter . She lowered herself, wadding up her robes and her body as much as she could, and shoved her legs into the crevice. With a series of
grunts, she managed to get her whole body underneath the floor .
She had just enough space to roll onto her belly and start crawling. The heat chamber hadn’ t been cleaned before it was abandoned for good, and
she had to make her way across a layer of soot.
Her head bumpe d into one of the squat stone columns that supported the layer above her. These, at least, had been on the map. From the entry point,
she wanted to go five columns north, twenty columns east.
Twenty . She had to hurry .
Ghostly cobweb s brushed across her face and flecks of ash wandered up her nose, forcin g her to snort them out like an ostrich-horse. Boma and
Sidao alike would have withered in shame at the indigni ty she was subjecting herself to.

For a good cause. And I remember doing more embarrassing things than this, many times over .
Theoretically , her ploy would work. V ital intelligence had been gathered over the centuries by eavesdro pping behind secret hollows of the Fire
Temple and opaque screens in the Northern Water Tribe palace. She could already hear an attendant pass above her, muttering to himse lf about the
poor mood his master would be in later this evening. But she needed to make it back to the assembly room, and quick, if she wanted to gain any
product of relevance.
Her bulky, dragging robes snagged on a crumbling column. Yangchen swore under her breath using words she’d overheard down at the docks. She
rolled onto her side and tugged hard on her caught hem. There was a chak!
where she expected to hear a tear .
The sturdy wool had pulled an entire section of mortar loose. Her eyes widened as a crack traveled up the column and across the uppe r surface of
the chamber . Heavy stone tiles began to drop.
Her light went out as she traded firebending with one hand for earthbending with two, catching the masonry before a crash gave her away .
She managed to stay the tiles farthest away , like a servant in a stage comedy floundering for spilled teacups, but the last chunk came down right over her
and broke its fall on her ribs.
Yangchen gasped in the dark. The tile that had made it through the defenses she’d been so vain about earlier hadn’ t traveled far, but it was
heavy and sharp. Worse, the pain was excruciatingly familiar to someone who wasn’ t her.
The right kind of hurt delivered at the right time could knock her offkilter no matter how many of Abbess Dagmola’ s exercises she’d performed in the morning. In the void of the chamber , there was no sight or sound of
the present for her to latch on to. The chalky air scraped her throat raw. Her heart slammed against the walls of her chest, trying to break free.
“Not you,” she dared to whisper , the need for silence pushed aside. “Not you. Not you.”
She didn’t know whose terror had paralyzed her, whose memories had boxed her in, but it didn’ t matte r. It was pure math. Out of a thousand lives,
at least a few Avatars would have been debilitatingly afraid of confined spaces.