Title: part of him was leaking everywhere. (Part 4)

The noise that came from Y angchen’ s stomach wasn’ t a laugh. It was the expulsion of a darkness that had festered within her for years. Her sister
was immune. The tortures that existence could summon had no hold on
Jetsun and never would. Y angchen felt like she was drowning in relief and envy and gratitude.
There was a saying so ancient that none of her lives could remember the origin. The true mind could weather illusions without being lost. The
true heart could touch poison without being harmed . Jetsun’ s spirit was so mighty that she could share her peace with others, just as she had done with
Yangchen in the world of the living.
“I feel so bad for them,” Jetsun said as she looked over the still bodies.
“I can ease their pain for a time, but they inevitably rise again and wander off. As if some part of them sought out their own punishment and
suffering.”
She turned to Y angchen with a smile. “I imagine you’re able to do the same in the human world, no?”
“No.” For the first time in her life and afterlife, Jetsun was wrong.
“No, I can’ t.”
Yangchen began to shake. The truth came pouring unstopped from her lips. She babbled near incoherently . “Jetsun, I’m no good at this. I’m
ruining everything.”
This was the real Y angchen. The frightened child who could admit the world was too big to grasp, too heavy . The fool who thought she could
make a dif ference, the fraud who told others so. “Jetsun, I don’ t want to do this,” Y angchen whispered hoarsely . It had all been a lie. The idea that she
might be worthy of the mantle. The notion that she could have any real impact. “I don’ t want to do this anymore. I don’ t want to do this anymor e!”
She keeled over and curled up on the stone. “I keep losing parts of myself,” she wept. “Y ou. Nujian. I can’ t hold it together . I don’ t know if the
world is worth it. It never changes. It never learns.”
Jetsun shifted so her lap was under Y angchen’ s head. She brushed strands of hair out of Y angchen’ s face and didn’ t answer .
Together they sat. Existed.
“You know I hated you sometimes, right?” Jetsun said.
Yangchen’ s eyes popped open. “What?”

“Frequently , I hated you,” Jetsun said, matter -of-factly . “You were a little terror . A nightmare. I used to tell Abbess Dagmola that you’d ruined
my life and I’d drop you of f the clif fside when no one was looking.”
“What?”
Jetsun sighed. “I would say such things out of anger , because I felt like
I wasn’ t my complete self around you. T aking care of you was exhausting. I
never had space. Being your guardian tore chunks out of me; because of you I ended up in a dif ferent shape than I would have untouched.”
She tugged on Y angchen’ s earlobe. “But I loved you too. I loved you more than I hated you, loved you more than life itself. Believe me when I
say that you were always worth it.”
Jetsun pushed Y angchen of f her lap without ceremony and bade her stand up. They met eye-to-eye, the same height, and she smiled with pride.
“Sister , no longer little. Y ou’re afraid of failing. Y ou’re afraid of every success that might slip through your fingers, every missed chance. Y ou’re
so afraid of what the voices will say .” She smoothed Y angchen’ s shawl.
“Don’ t be.”
“But—”
Jetsun hushed her with a glance. “In this fog, there are so many people here I can’ t help. I’ve only encountered a few out of the many . Shall I
abandon the souls within arm’ s reach?”
The twinkle in Jetsun’ s eye, the upturned curl of her lip. This couldn’ t be the last time Y angchen ever saw them. “I think I’m where I need to be,”
Jetsun said. “Just like you’re where you need to be.”
She leaned over and whispered into Y angchen’ s ear. “Your friend needs help. Wake up.”
Yangchen opened her eyes. She was back in the oasis. But all was not well.
She’d thought the fog had avoided her . But really , it had flowed by like water finding its level, until it found the point where the barrier between
realms was thinnest. An extension had broken through, but not for her .
Kavik’ s form was wreathed in the vapors.
That cocky smirk she knew so well lay plastered over his face, a mask of triumph. But tears streamed from his eyes. “The Sunbeam ,” he repeated,

again and again. “The ship you’re looking for is called the Sunbeam .”
They seek out their own punishment . By the rules of this twisted spirit,
Kavik believed the worst moment of his life was when he betrayed the
Avatar .
Yangchen quickly bent a sphere of water from the sacred pool and encased Kavik from head to toe, like he’d done for her patients in the
mountain hospital. The lungless scream of a predator denied prey echoed through the cavern.
But she was louder . “LET HIM GO!” Yangchen roared back, vibrating the air so hard that the waters rippled and icicles fell from the walls. She’d
lost two friends and protectors already . She vowed there wouldn’ t be a third.
The spirit’ s grip on Kavik suddenly vanished. She fell down, the winner of the tug-of-war . Kavik’ s body dropped beside her , his shroud of
water splashing her , and he choked to life once more.
She let him roll around on the grass, hacking and coughing until his lungs were clear . Once he came to a stop, she flopped down on her back
next to him. They were both too tired to even sit up.
Yangchen stared at the vaulted ceiling of the ice cavern. “Are you all right?” she asked.
Kavik’ s panting slowed and he took a gulp of fresh air . “I don’ t—I
don’t know what happened there. Did you save me?”
“Just returning the favor .”
She heard his head roll to the side, toward her . “Did you find your sister?”
“In a way .” Yangchen blew out a long breath. The journey had been so arduous, and yet small words, short answers, were all she could muster .
Perhaps that was enough. “She’ll be fine.”
Neither of them rose. Y angchen wished she hadn’ t seen the fog open the window into Kavik’ s vulnerabilities. There needed to be an ef fort on her