Title: Part of the dif ficulty was remembering her own lies. Concocted events were like a vision she had to force herself into having, unlike the ones that (Part 2)

company . Did her meeting with the chief take place?”
“Yes but”—Ivalu glanced one more time at Kavik before continuing
—“we lost sight of her a day ago.”
“Is she not in Agna Qel’a anymore?” A yunerak remained measured,
but by force. She preemptively gestured for calm from everyone in the cave. “She made it past our watchers?”
“I don’ t believe so,” Ivalu said, though she didn’ t sound completely sure. “Her bison and lemurs are still here, and she didn’ t come with a
glider .”
Something about the statement didn’ t make sense to Kavik. “Hold on,”
he said. “How do you know where her lemurs are?” Pik and Pak were tiny flying horrors. They came and went as they pleased and could disappear
into the skies. They could hide in crevices and attack unseen from any angle.
“They’re hovering around the back court of the chief ’s temple, just yowling and scratching at the ice,” Ivalu said. “They haven’ t moved since
—”
“Since a day ago?” A yunerak’ s stare was an accusation. “Y ou do know where that wall leads, right?”
“We’re not fools; we checked to see if she was meditating at the oasis,” Ivalu said. “She’ s not there.”
Kavik still couldn’ t let the twinge in his gut pass. They had to have been talking about the Spirit Oasis. Children in the W ater T ribe grew up
listening to stories about the cove’ s warmth and wonder and beauty . Some of those tales, however , were cautionary . The rash child who wandered in
without respect was always taught a lesson.
Kavik once had his own brush with perhaps-spirits. Y ears ago, after he and his brother , Kalyaan, got lost in a great blizzard, only surviving by the
skin of their teeth, they’d told their parents afterward the route they were sure they’d trekked through. His parents had the same reaction as Ivalu. But
we checked that path on that day . The weather was clear . We couldn’ t find you …
“Her body ,” Kavik said. “Y ou mean her body’ s not there.”
The lamplight flickered. A yunerak’ s shout echoed through the cave.
“We have to go! Now!”

Kavik had been to the capital of the Northern W ater T ribe a few times as a child, for the New Moon festivals. The towers of Agna Qel’a had been and
still were taller than any Middler building he’d ever laid eyes on. During daytime celebrations, sunlight would bounce of f the fish-scale roofs and
faceted walls like a shower of jewels. Artisans shaped entire blocks to honor the places where they were born, their elders, their legends, carving
and freezing stories into the walls, delighting the citizens with the malleability of water .
Now , as he and A yunerak and Ivalu raced through the streets under the faint moonlight, the multistory residences, blanked by shadow , seemed to
lean in over him, giants paying a keen, unsettling interest in the bugs at their feet. Would they make it in time? Could they scuttle fast enough?
Ayunerak led them through alleyed twists and bends with the main streets only partially in view , slivers of the canals passing by . They must
have been taking the route that least exposed them to guard patrols. Even with the A vatar ’s life potentially in danger , they sacrificed speed for
secrecy .
A hands-and-knees scramble through a short tunnel deposited them into a courtyard. Kavik had to tear his eyes away from the massive palace
rising into the darkened sky . He was trespassing on royal ground, and he didn’ t know the punishment they’d face if caught. There’d been no warning
stories about this kind of situation growing up.
Ayunerak brought them to a wooden gate in the ice wall. T wo shadows clutched at the handles, hissing, and Kavik thought that a pair of malevolent
imps had been ordered by the higher spirits to guard the passage. But it was only Pik and Pak.
As soon as they saw Kavik, they launched themselves at his face. It took more willpower than he’d ever exerted in his life not to scream and
flail wildly . They snif fed his hair , seeming to recognize him, and jumped up and down on his shoulders.
They might have been asking him to hurry . “Stay here,” he said, before feeling incredibly stupid. Y angchen talked to them all the time, but he
assumed their responses were due to some kind of A vatar -powered connection, not because they understood speech in general.

To his surprise, they let go of him and went back to perching on the gate. A yunerak ordered Ivalu to keep watch. When she opened the circular
door, a rush of warm air struck Kavik in the face. He leaped through quickly out of habit, not wanting to waste heat. A yunerak followed and
closed the barrier , plugging them inside.
Without needing to be told, Kavik lowered his head. He and A yunerak pressed their hands together and quickly muttered out words of deference,
protection, and acknowledgment that they were merely human. He kept going for as long as his elder did, and when she fell silent, he opened his
eyes.
Before them stretched a pond as clear as glass. Only brief flashes across the surface betrayed the presence of water . A thin falling stream at
the far end paused at an ice shelf halfway down before completing its descent behind a green island steaming with life. The bow-shaped archway
of the Spirit Oasis beckoned them across the distance.
No one else was here. W ere they too late? T oo early? W rong entirely?
He started forward but was held back by A yunerak. Her answer was always to wait.
The steady hiss of the waterfall made Kavik feel like they were trapped in an hour glass. The air inside the cove was thick and hard to
breathe. He wiped sweat of f his forehead with his wrist.
The motion revealed Y angchen lying on the island.
The A vatar , right there, when a second before she hadn’ t been. Kavik had to pass his hand back and forth a few times to make sure he hadn’ t
somehow conjured an illusion by accident. The only explanation he could think of was that he’d just witnessed her return to the physical realm from
the Spirit W orld.
Her body suddenly jerked, her elbow dragged upward as attached to a rope.
“Something’ s followed her ,” Ayunerak said. “Something’ s followed her thr ough.”
A prickle crawled over Kavik’ s skin. Y angchen flopped over , her head lolling. Her eyes glowed, casting light through the cavern. Through the
radiance, he saw a spray of mist shaking this way and that, anchored to the
Avatar but struggling to break free. The vapors bloomed and coiled into an opaque, soupy mass that dragged Y angchen back and forth over the grass.

There wasn’ t enough room for two people on either of the thin walkways extending along the edges of the cove. Kavik and A yunerak took
one each, racing each other to get to the A vatar .
Kavik arrived at the island first and stumbled through the unnatural cloud, waving his arms. He reached Y angchen and tried to haul her to
safety , but an umbilical connection resisted him. A yunerak ran across the opposite bridge, stripping water of f the ice wall, and slashed a liquid blade
at the fog that had congealed above the central island. The pull on the
Avatar didn’ t slacken.
Yangchen convulsed in his arms. As A yunerak tried to land blows against their intangible foe, Kavik looked around, desperate for an idea.
His gaze landed on the sacred pool at the heart of the oasis, said to be like no other water in the world. Surely , he’d be for given in these
circumstances, no? Y angchen was the spirits’ A vatar as well. They needed their end of the bridge as much as humans did.
By every oath ever sworn, I am sorry for this . Kavik pulled water from the tiny pond. He nearly caught one of the eternal koi in his bubble and
winced as it flopped back into its home with a splash. Once he’d borrowed enough, he threw it over the A vatar like a blanket.
He’d only thought to shield her . But as soon as the water came between her and the fog, a silent twist doubled him over . He covered his
ears, but it didn’ t help. The mists screamed with a voice he heard in the marrow of his bones.
His own tears blinded him. By the time he looked up again, the grayness was gone, as if the whole attack had been a shared hallucination.
There was no rift in the oasis that he could see.
He heard coughing behind him. Kavik turned to see the A vatar sitting upright. The sacred water from the koi pond that had repelled the hostile
spirit was just an ordinary puddle now . Yangchen flung the damp end of her long hair out of her face. Her jaw dipped when she saw her rescuers.
There was a weighty pause. Kavik had never been in the presence of such a concentration of wisdom and authority . The A vatar , Master of all
Four Elements, and the Executor , senior member of the White Lotus. Both of these women had the power to shape the world.
“You know , this is why spiritual journeys are taken with partners ,”
Ayunerak said to Y angchen in the exact same tone she used to lecture Kavik

about the nuances of blotting water from paper. “Basic safety.”

Yangchen lay back down and rolled away onto her side. “You’re not

my boss,” she muttered.

COMING T O THE T ABLE
The summit took place in a private home, a small apartment along one of the branch canals. Kavik didn’ t know if it belonged to the A vatar or the
White Lotus. Given how unfriendly the two sides seemed, the room would probably never get used again after tonight. The location had been exposed
to the enemy .
A shame, because the inside was comfortable and warm, a far cry from the cellar he’d been hiding in. Kavik claimed the corner mattress, a double
layer of finned caribou fur , since no one else would. Y angchen and
Ayunerak were both reluctant to sit at first, but eventually they took places opposite each other on a thick rug in the center of the room.
For a while, there was quiet. It had been a long day for everyone.
Exhaustion reigned.
“Does anyone want to explain what that fog was?” Kavik finally asked.
“A spirit.” Y angchen examined the angled designs formed by the yarns. “I think it … invades the mind somehow . Forces its captives to relive
their pasts.”
She smiled bitterly . “Lucky for me I have too many pasts. T oo many worst days of too many lives. I might have glutted it and been spat back out
into the physical world.”
“What were you doing?”
“I was searching for someone trapped inside. I wanted to free them from their suf fering.”
“And was this single lost soul worth risking the life of the A vatar?”
Ayunerak interjected.
Yangchen’ s eyes flicked upward, blazing with fury . She swallowed the retort she so obviously wanted to give and changed the subject. “Y ou’ve
joined the White Lotus,” she said to Kavik.

She made it sound like an accusation. “I had no other choice,” he said.
“The Thin Claws were hunting me down and I still needed help getting my parents out of Bin-Er . The White Lotus extended their hand. They’re
protecting my mother and father in Long Stretch as we speak.”
He exhaled hard. This next part would be dif ficult. “The only thing I
had to trade for our safety was Unanimity .” He could hear Y angchen grow still. “I told them what I knew about the Firebenders. Chaisee. My brother .
They know everything that happened up to the point when we last spoke.”
The pain of their parting conversation, Y angchen telling him he was no companion of hers, should have sunk to the floor of the sea by now .
Kavik pushed it down again and steeled himself for the A vatar ’s anger ,
but it never came. At least not for him. “I can’ t blame you for that,” she said. “I did the same thing once, thinking the White Lotus could be trusted
to keep a secret for the greater good.” Hostility rolled of f her in waves.
“Instead they leaked information about Unanimity to the Earth King.”
“That’ s a baseless accusation,” A yunerak said. “And a violation of our sacred vows of neutrality .”
“Really? Then tell me why Feishan is suddenly afraid of a weapon powerful enough to topple countries!” Y angchen rose in one fluid motion of
airbending, her element lifting her high of f the floor before she landed on her feet. “Y our or ganization is either corrupt or incompetent! Which is it?”
“We will conduct an investigation as to how the Earth King could have come about his suspicions.” A yunerak’ s voice was level. “W e all know
you’r e not corrupt.”
Yangchen bowed formally to them; blood had been drawn from both sides and now the proceedings were over . “Thank you for saving my life,”
she said, icier than the waters they’d passed through. “Now if you don’ t mind, I need to go figure out how to keep the Four Nations from
backsliding into chaos over a power that should never have seen the light of day. A situation I believe everyone here is partially to blame for .”
Her parting shot was aimed at Kavik. “Some more than others.”
He wasn’ t going to ar gue that point. “Please, wait,” he said. “W e sought you out for a reason. Finding you in the Spirit Oasis wasn’ t part of
the plan, but we did need to talk.”
Yangchen wasn’ t listening. She was already by the door and there was no time left to broach the topic smoothly . Ayunerak stood up. “T ake the kid

back!”
Outrage alone stopped the A vatar from leaving. She turned around slowly . Kavik knew she wanted them to see her say no.
“Another trade,” A yunerak said, needing to work fast. “The White
Lotus wants one of our own posted by your side, and Kavik is a known quantity to us both. In return for letting him travel with you again, we’ll
help you end the Platinum Af fair. That is your ultimate goal, no? Restoring peaceful relations between the Four Nations.”
“It was my goal!” Y angchen shouted. “At this rate I’ll be lucky not to preside over a collection of ruined cities with arbitrary lines drawn between
them!”
Kavik needed a moment to process the exchange. He’d already known about Y angchen’ s distaste for the poverty and exploitation of the shang
system. He assumed by establishing a presence in Bin-Er , she was simply focusing on the sickest patient, like a doctor . She’d declare victory once she
fixed a few problems, then move on.
But her aims went farther up the chain, as she was fond of saying. He could see her logic—if political tensions were the reason behind a corrupt
arrangement and continually threatened to fester into real violence, then best to attack the problem at the source. The heads of the Four Nations.
His former boss was after big quarry . Yangchen was trying to undo history itself.
“It’s not too late to work in concert,” A yunerak said. “W e’ll speak peace into the ears of Chief Oyaluk and Lord Gonryu while you do what
you can with Feishan.”
“Call it a hunch,” Y angchen said, batting her eyelashes. “But I have the distinct feeling that the last time the White Lotus tried to influence world
rulers through secret whispers, it didn’ t go so well.”
Ayunerak’ s methods weren’ t working. “Can we talk?” Kavik asked
Yangchen while he still had the chance. “Alone?”
She made the deep, scof fing snort he remembered so well. “What makes you think you of all people can convince me?”
“I can’ t. I just want to catch up.”
He had the feeling she only agreed because it gave them both the chance to dismiss A yunerak. They did it in tandem, as if they’d rehearsed it,
both opting for the silent head-tilt toward the door . Revenge must have been

a long time coming for Y angchen, because judging from the smirk on her face, she took as much glee from the moment as he did.
Kavik’ s current boss narrowed her eyes and shuf fled outside. He caught a grumble about the attitude of ungrateful children as she passed.
Once she was gone, he didn’ t wait. “I’m sorry ,” he said as soon as the door closed. He’d never truly apologized when they last spoke. “I’m sorry
for everything. Letting the Firebenders get away the first time. Sneaking up on you in the oasis.”
For betraying you . He couldn’ t spit those words out. He had to make a different confession instead. “They want me to spy on you. If you let me
travel with you again, I’d be sending reports on you to A yunerak.”
Yangchen rolled her eyes. “I gathered—thanks.”
“Is it so bad to have someone watching over your shoulder? Look at what happened tonight. A yunerak wasn’ t wrong; journeying alone is
dangerous in either world, spirit or human. The White Lotus could help you if you played along with them.”
Back when they still worked together , Yangchen would occasionally display a perfect memory for someone else’ s words down to the mood and
inflection. She did it now , crossing her arms in sullen mockery of Kavik,
even lowering her voice in a passable impression of his. “I value my freedom.”
He’d for gotten how good an actor she was. And how infuriating she could be. “Fine, waste of time, I get it,” he said. “Can you at least tell me
how our friends are doing?”
Yangchen threw her head back and laughed. “Like I would ever reveal anything to you anymore about Unanimity!”
This conversation was going so sideways they were threatening to end up in the Spirit W orld. “Not the Firebenders, you flying hog-monkey! I
mean our actual friends! T ayagum, Akuudan, Jujinta! Are they well? Are they alive?”
Her expression turned pensive. “They’re fine.” She wasn’ t so cruel as to deny him that information. “But they’re not happy about having to lie
low. Akuudan and T ayagum built a life for themselves in Jonduri, and it’ s no longer safe for them there. Y ou cost them their home, Kavik.”
That hurt. That arrow he was obligated to take in his guts. The pain was the price of knowing they were unharmed. “This is why I want back

in,” he muttered. “I need to face them again. Jujinta too. I need to let them all have their say . When somebody just vanishes on you, for good or ill … it
eats away at you.”
Another scof f, but weaker this time. Less pronounced. His ar gument,
born of Kalyaan ditching their family in Bin-Er , had penetrated her defenses. She tapped her foot and looked around the room. “I could give
you a blessing of for giveness on their behalf and then you could be on your merry way .”
The salve for his conscience wasn’ t hidden under the mattress. “Y ou could. But that’ s not what I’m asking for .”
The A vatar opened her mouth to lay down her final verdict. But before she could speak, A yunerak bar ged back inside. “Narrowly avoided a
patrol,” she said. “W e’re still clear for now , but either way , this little spat has gone on long enough. The White Lotus knows Feishan’ s on the ver ge of
declaring war upon the rest of the world and that the leaders of the other nations will reciprocate.
“You need our influence to ensure cooler heads prevail,” she said.
“And if that doesn’ t appeal to you, I’ll give you one last ultimatum. Either the kid’ s an A vatar ’s companion again, or else Oyaluk’ s forces inevitably
catch him on this very trip. And then all those precious secrets inside his head become compromised.”
“Wait, what?” Kavik said. “What’ s that supposed to mean?”
Ayunerak ignored him; she was only addressing Y angchen at the moment. “I can’ t get Kavik out of Agna Qel’a safely ,” she said. “Currently ,
I don’ t have the resources to extract a secondary asset. The only way he doesn’ t get pinched is if you fly him out of the city under cover .”
“Wait a second!” A flush of outrage crept up Kavik’ s neck. “Y ou brought me here without an escape route? On purpose!?”
“Typical,” Y angchen said. She rubbed her eyes, a sign she’d reached the limits of her endurance. “The saying in Pai Sho and generalship both is
Prior to the battle, br eak the cooking pots . Make a bad move on purpose to force the hand of enemy and ally both.”
Ayunerak didn’ t even have the decency to look smug about her gambit.
Putting Kavik’ s life in danger was merely an inconvenient but necessary step in the recipe she was following. “The A vatar will make faster progress
ending the Platinum Af fair, and the White Lotus will get assurances from a

source both sides know well. Our pride keeps us from cooperating and that’s an emotion only kings and fools can af ford. Those of us who work
from the shadows aren’ t supposed to make decisions out of pride.”
She’d finally picked the right choice of words, because Y angchen briefly made the face of a patient forced to drink sour medicine. No one
here was happy , nor were they friends. The start of a true compromise.
The agreement couldn’ t be spoken out loud; it was too fragile and would have collapsed under its own weight. A howl of wind and the chill
that crept through the walls reminded them that whatever their human concerns were, the temperature had fallen too far . Venturing outside right
now posed the risk of freezing.
So as not to break the spell, each of them silently picked a corner of the room to curl up in for the night. Kavik drifted of f to sleep with a bleary
vision of the A vatar hugging her knees, her gray eyes wide open under her troubled brow .
TWO WEEKS EARLIER
Nearly every conversation Kavik had with A yunerak in the Gidu safe house was held over a game of Pai Sho. Breakdowns of his performance during
bending training—Pai Sho. Updates on the events of the outside world—Pai
Sho. And now , mission briefings could be added to the list.
“This plan of yours will never work,” Kavik said as he placed a sacrificial Rose tile. “The A vatar ’s not the for giving soul you think she is.”
“I’m well aware the girl can hold a grudge,” A yunerak said. She laid down a Boat, far from where the local infighting took place on the board. “I
give it three chances in ten of success. W ell worth pursuing.”
Kavik had to think about her move for a while. Not only was it a bizarre play , bereft of any meaning to him, but the section of the grid she’d
dropped her piece in was so worn from age and use, the grid lines were difficult to see. The board had been stored in a chest under several layers of
waxcloth, and the dark, fine-grained wood it was milled from might have been older than the shrine itself.

Maybe there was no point to the move, and it was merely a distraction to make him waste his ener gy. “The trick is we’ll be forthright about it,”
Ayunerak said. “W e’ll admit your purpose is to be her White Lotus liaison.
If she accepts, she’ s going to do everything she can to keep her most important secrets from you, especially the location of Unanimity .”
The scenario had been flipped upside down. Y angchen had trusted him implicitly , once, because she knew he wasn’ t a plant. “W e’re going for
persistence here, not cleverness,” A yunerak went on. “She’ s human. She’ll make a mistake and let some information slip. Or she’ll drop enough clues
for you to fit together , bright young man that you are. Feel free to loosen her guard however you can. Give her that little pout and melt her heart if
you have to.”
Kavik cut of f the Boat tile from the main formation by laying his
Chrysanthemum down with a hard snap of his pointer and middle fingers,
loud enough to be considered a rude act in the context of a serious game.
Ayunerak was unfazed by his annoyance and his line of play both.
“Once you’re able to confirm the location of the Firebenders, you send me a message immediately ,” she said. “One of our teams will move in to extract
them from the A vatar ’s control. And then your end of the bar gain is finished.”
When he didn’ t respond, she glanced up from the board. “Y ou look awfully troubled for someone who’ s doing a service for humanity .” She
placed another tile but kept her finger over the design, preventing him from seeing what it was. “Do you think destructive power of that scale should
remain under the control of an impetuous child?”
I’m her age, and you’r e relying on me to snatch it away fr om her ,
Kavik thought.
Ayunerak pulled her hand back to reveal her society’ s namesake piece.
From its position in the center , the White Lotus tile could dominate the near spaces in each quadrant. Played too early , the move would have been so
terrible that the only conceivable purpose would be a signal to the opponent. She’d saved it for midgame, where it could distort the final
shapes of the board unchallenged.
“The A vatar is right about one thing,” A yunerak said. “The rulers of the Four Nations cannot get their hands on those benders. But neither does
that mean she can be trusted to make the final call on how to deal with

them. Someone has to act with wisdom and foresight when the leaders of

the world aren’t up to the task.”
“You.”

“Us, Kavik. You’re inside now, as inside as it gets.” Ayunerak stared

into his eyes, as if to check his depths for resolve. “The quicker we get the

Firebenders into our custody, the sooner we can focus on extracting your

brother from Chaisee’s organization.”

Kavik’s price. Neither side had come to this arrangement out of the

goodness of their hearts. Ayunerak wanted a plant who could recognize the

Firebenders by face. Kavik refused to cooperate unless she promised safety

for his family. His entire family.

The fact that Kavik had to deliver first made it clear who had the

advantage in the bargain. “The chances she takes me back are worse than

three in ten. More like slim to none.”

“But if she does cave, you’ll have more of her forgiveness than you

think. Consider it from her perspective.” A smile crept across Ayunerak’s

lips. “What kind of monster would betray the Avatar twice?”

MIST AKEN IDENTITY
Kavik had suf fered a downgrade. The last time the A vatar snuck him out of a city , she’d provided him a false identity , given him a plausible fake job,
and arranged transport through security checkpoints. An expert display of clandestine travel.
This time she rolled him up in a carpet.
Her departure at sunrise was going to be celebrated in full view of
Chief Oyaluk and his closest advisors, she’d explained. It would have been rude and suspicious to sneak out without a formal farewell. The vast array
of gifts she was obligated to accept by custom would be the only chance to get him onto her bison.
So Kavik played the waiting game again, tucked between the treasure piles, bound as tight as the filling of a stuf fed seaweed roll. In so many
layers of woven buf falo-yak wool, the heat was unbearable. He couldn’ t scratch his nose with his arms pinned to his sides.
Through the muf fling of the fabric, he could hear bits of Y angchen’ s parting conversations with the chief. By the time she got to wishing good
health upon the new litter of snow leopard–caribou cubs in the royal stables,
it was clear she was dragging her feet on purpose.
“Oh, just fling it anywhere on the saddle,” she said to the loaders when asked about the carpet.
Kavik had to suf fer through a hard bump on the shins and an extensive round of final blessings before they took flight. His instructions were to
count to five hundred before revealing himself, but he wasn’ t going to wait for that. He knew exactly how fast Nujian could climb into the sky .
He wriggled and rocked back and forth, inching himself out of the carpet roll, and got stuck halfway . “I could use a little help here.”
Yangchen sat in the driver ’s position, presenting her stif f back. “Reins”
was all she said.

“You can fly him without your hands! I’ve seen you do it!”
She didn’ t respond. Kavik squeezed himself through the binding and collapsed on the broad saddle. Pik and Pak immediately settled on his face,
one atop his forehead and the other squatting over his windpipe. Perhaps because he’d helped Y angchen at the Spirit Oasis, they chittered at him in a
calm, friendly series of clicks instead of trying to rip his nostrils of f. “I
missed you both too,” he muttered. A blatant lie.
He brushed the lemurs away and got to his knees. “That’ s the closest
I’ve ever been to the Chief of the North. My parents would never believe my luck if I told them.” He waited for her to of fer a jibe about how
fortunate it was to be considered part of the furnishings, or something hearkening back to their first encounter when he was stuck in the ice of the
Blue Manse. “Between you and him, I’ve met a lot of famous people so far .
Maybe I can sneak up on the Fire Lord while he’ s sleeping and—”
“Let’ s get one thing straight.” Y angchen tilted her head back, staring at him upside down over the curtain of her dark, cascading hair . Despite her
silly posture, there was only cold contempt in her expression. “I am tolerating your presence for now . Don’ t go assuming everything’ s back to
normal.” Her eyes crinkled into a smile as welcoming as desert mud crack.
“How’ s your brother?”
“I don’ t know .” Kavik ran his hand over his brow . “I don’ t know where he is. Assuming he’ s still working for Chaisee, then he has to keep up the
act. If she ever found out that Zongdu Henshe planted him inside her organization, she’d …” He’d seen what Chaisee’ s association did to spies.
The victims whose bodies he’d been forced to dispose of in Jonduri probably hadn’ t even gotten the worst of it.
Yangchen dropped the grin and turned around to face him normally .
He knew she’d only brought up Kalyaan as a barb, a reminder that she hadn’ t forgotten whom Kavik had betrayed her for . “Ayunerak said she’ll
help me look for him once the time is right,” he said. There was no downside to telling the A vatar this portion of the truth. “But I don’ t have
any way to keep them to their promise.”
A deep grunt came from Y angchen’ s chest, the most sympathetic sound she’d given him since their reunion. “Then you might find your
bargain pushed back until the next era. The one thing the White Lotus is good at is waiting.”