Title: EPILOGUE

Kavik heard Yangchen’s name on people’s lips often these days as he

moved through the streets of a slowly recovering Bin-Er. It was the young

Avatar who’d put a stop to the spirit attacks, they said, just like she’d done

in Tienhaishi. Since then she’d been spotted flying in and out of the city

regularly, never leaving for too long, and there hadn’t been any more

ravages through the sky. She’d become humanity’s champion when they

needed her most.

The residents of Bin-Er also took comfort in the increased presence of

Air Nomads from the Northern Temple, who normally didn’t linger long but

now could be seen in every neighborhood. Monks and visiting nuns

distributed food and clothing while the flow of supplies returned to normal.

They lent a sense of calm and peace with their presence, while also giving

the impression they formed a shield of sorts against further depredations by

spirit or man.

All signs pointed to this theory being true. The Earth King had not

invaded. The shangs and their headkickers had stayed out of sight, as if

rightfully shamed by the increased attention upon Bin-Er. The control

offices suddenly found their ink, and people started going home.

Even stranger, folks who’d fled the city came back of their own accord,

down from the mountains. Some of them professed to have been healed by

the Avatar herself, claimed to be alive only due to her graces. It was among

these returnees where belief was strongest. Little shrines of wildflowers

popped up overnight on street corners. “Yangchen’s steps,” they were

jokingly named, as if life bloomed wherever the Avatar’s feet touched the

ground. But some people called them that without irony, and any time one

of the arrangements was thrown out or blown away, it was quickly replaced.

Everywhere, Kavik was reminded of the Avatar. Knowing she could see

him if she wanted to but didn’t was the lightest punishment possible for his

transgression. It still hurt. He assumed Jujinta, Akuudan, and Tayagum had

learned the truth, as they hadn’t visited either.

He wandered the streets as if he still had the responsibility of an

Avatar’s companion. He knew this was what Jujinta must have been doing

in Jonduri, drifting until his purpose came along. Kavik had already

squandered two perfectly good ones.

But one night, while he was aimlessly skirting the square, his

irrelevance came to a grinding halt.

A Water Tribe man appeared twice in the corner of Kavik’s eye. He still

had the Northern gait of walking softly so as not to break through ice crusts

or overturn gravel, which meant he was new to the city. After Kavik paused

to have a meaningless conversation with a shopkeeper he’d never met

before, he observed over his shoulder the same Water Tribe man paying

special attention to the storefront from afar, in case it was a safe house or a

handoff point.

There was no doubt about it. Kavik was being tailed.

Despite his quickening pulse he slowly, calmly went through his list of

moves, executing broken paths, double-backs, every maneuver he could

think of. Nothing worked. He couldn’t shake the man, who must have been

a hunter and tracker far beyond Kavik’s skill, possibly the equal of Kalyaan.

Sometimes you could just walk down your prey, even if it spotted you.

As his options for escape were taken away one by one, Kavik found

himself at the alley wall he’d climbed over when he thought he was

breaking any link between his actions at the Blue Manse and his home life.

He hadn’t been able to fool the Avatar. He looked up, just in case. The skies

were clear. He bent a ladder of ice like he’d done that night.

It melted underneath his feet while he was halfway up.

His face scraped along the brickwork on the way down, a stinging rash

against his skin. He landed in a heap. His follower appeared at the other end

of the alley.

Kavik reached around him for water but the man had already drawn the

nearby sources to himself, the puddles, the melt from the rooftops, spinning

the growing mass between his hands with expertise. Their shared element

flew to him alone in droplets and streams, leaving Kavik with nothing.

Kavik was split between pretending to be helpless and ignorant, and

fighting back with every ounce of strength he had. The one thing he could

be sure of was that he would not talk. Even if it was kill or be killed, he was

not going to be part of any more games. He was done.

And then he heard a dull thud.

The water the man was bending splashed to the ground. He fell forward

onto his knees, and then onto his face, revealing Mama Ayunerak standing

several paces behind him.

The elderly woman tucked some unseen weapon under the back of her

parka. Kavik had never been so confused in his life. With the spryness of a

person half her age, Ayunerak went over to the man she’d knocked

unconscious and started digging through his pockets, running her hand

down his collar for anything looped around his neck, searching his skin for

marks and tattoos.

“What is going on?” Kavik asked, his breath short as if he’d been

running. He hadn’t seen Ayunerak since giving her the Avatar’s money.

“This man is a Thin Claw,” Ayunerak said, her focus never wavering

from her task. “A scout loyal only to High Chieftain Oyaluk. The fact that

he was following you means your involvement in Unanimity and its secrets

are uncomfortably close to reaching the light of day.”

Hearing the code name on someone else’s lips was a shock. It made him

forget any kind of discipline, took from him the ability to play dumb. “How

did you—How do you know about that?”

“It’s my job to know things, Kavik. My friends and I know a great

deal.” Mama Ayunerak looked up at him with the same cool, assessing eye

the Avatar used when she’d recruited him. “And I think it’s high time you

joined us.”

TO BE CONTINUED . . .

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Special thanks to Michael Dante DiMartino, Bryan Konietzko, and the

entire Avatar team for making it all possible. Very special thanks to my

editor, Anne Heltzel, and agent, Stephen Barr, for guiding me through ups

and downs and ups again. And very, very, very special thanks to all the fans

of every Avatar. And I almost forgot about Karen.

“You don’t have to be close to someone to know they deserve better,”

Yangchen said. “That’s what being the Avatar is about. That’s what being a

companion of the Avatar is about. We fight for people we’ve never met and

never will.”

The weight of her words was a comfort where it could have been a

burden. “Am I one of your companions?” Kavik said. He knew what they’d

told his parents, but it wasn’t the same thing. “I mean, am I really?”

Yangchen smiled. “Most of the world thinks I dictate who serves me

and who doesn’t, when nothing could be further from the truth. You’re

asking me if you’re my companion? The choice is yours, Kavik. And it

always has been.”

It had taken a while, but Kavik finally understood. “I know what I

choose,” he said to the Avatar.