Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 6)

one thing I can be proud of, it’s that I’ve turned this city into a place that

doesn’t care where you were born. Opportunities are available for people

from around the world. Hidebound traditions can be cast aside.”

“In favor of business,” Yangchen said, allowing an involuntary note of

sharpness into the word.

“Yes. In favor of business.”

Yangchen let the pause soak while she considered how to play the

conversation. Besides relaying the request to deliver Unanimity, Sidao

would have informed Chaisee about the disastrous ultimatum in Bin-Er.

Between then and now, would the Avatar have decided to keep threatening

the shangs by using the nearest head of state as her weapon, or would she

have seen the error in her approach?

Best to fit her image. She was a young Air Nomad, and despite all

evidence to the contrary, not a complete idiot. She would have been

mortified with herself after Bin-Er. She was mortified with herself.

“Zongdu Chaisee, the truth is . . . I have grave concerns about the nature

of the shang system itself. I don’t mean to denigrate your accomplishments,

but they lie atop an inherently imbalanced foundation. A small number of

people reaping disproportionately to what they’ve sown, while more and

more commonfolk—”

“Stop, I beg you,” Chaisee said gently. “You needn’t go into every

detail. I know what happened in Bin-Er.”

Yangchen wrung her robes, pretending to be caught out before the older,

more experienced leader. “Minister Sidao must have explained matters to

you already. Why is he not here?”

The question served the purpose of making her look like a child

searching for the steady hand of her older advisor, but she also needed to

know. “He decided to return to Bin-Er after helping me prepare for your

arrival,” Chaisee said. “Despite his short stay, I understand very well what

you want. You’ve come here to try your message again in Jonduri. Do I

have that right?”

More or less. “It is as you perceive,” Yangchen said.

“Getting a shang to part with their gold is like watering a desert.

Difficult. Foolish.” The zongdu wiggled her head from side to side. “But it

can be done.”

“I’m sorry?”

“It can be done. We can make the city a fairer, more balanced place.”

“I’m sorry,” Yangchen repeated, a flush rising in her neck. “Are you

talking about Jonduri or Bin-Er?”

“Both. Port Tuugaq and Taku as well, provided we’re patient. The

shangs of this island will do as I say. But I don’t have as much influence

overseas, and old curmudgeons like Teiin have to be talked to in a certain

manner. I heard from Sidao you made mention of historical reforms in

Omashu as a template. I’m familiar with them, which would speed things

up.”

Yangchen couldn’t believe it. The Zongdu of Jonduri was not only

giving in to the Avatar’s requests but was offering to help. She’d thrown her

weight at a door and found it wasn’t latched.

Hope squirmed captive in her chest. She had to poke her cheek with her

tongue to keep from grinning like a fool. “Your counterpart in Bin-Er

wasn’t quite so decisive.”

“Henshe’s an empty set of robes who only got his position because he

looks good in front of a crowd,” Chaisee said, punctuating her assessment

with a sniff. “Now that the two of us have met and fallen in league, we can

focus on action. The road and the wheel, together.”

Yangchen had had it wrong the whole time. There wasn’t going to be a

need for skulduggery. It had simply been a matter of talking to the right

person. The surface layer, the fruitful one that really mattered, was as deep

as they would go. She wouldn’t have to visit Earth King Feishan and feed

him the unpleasant truths of the shangs malfeasance—

Oh.

She was getting everything she wanted, wasn’t she?

Yangchen had a brief sense of falling, the ground curving away from her

feet. She almost said the oh again out loud, so jarring was the impact of

landing.

How did parents deal with truculent children? How did you say no

without saying no? By saying yes, and simply doing nothing afterward.

Chaisee had dangled compliance in front of Yangchen and she’d snapped it

up like bait on a hook, even though she was speaking to the very woman

whom Henshe was relying on to deliver an asset that would grant them

complete impunity. The Avatar wasn’t being helped. She was being

handled.

A squeak of the floorboards announced the attendant’s return. He placed

a steaming cup of tea in front of Yangchen and served Chaisee plain hot

water. Yangchen picked up her drink but couldn’t summon the energy to

bring it to her lips. She held the cup, the heat deadening her fingers.

“Is something not to your liking?” Chaisee asked.

“No,” Yangchen said. “It’s just . . . how long do you think such reforms

might take?”

“As long as they need to.”

Good answer. If one were being pat. “Would not such a large effort,

executed smoothly, take many years?” Yangchen shook the aftermath of

Tienhaishi from her head. A single night’s battle. So long to see it through

to the end. “I might end up having to work with one of your successors, and

I don’t know if they’d be as capable or committed. Might there be a plan or

a loophole to keep you in your role as zongdu past your term limits?”

Chaisee’s eyes flickered in the direction of her servant, who was waiting

to be dismissed. Her hand drifted to her stomach. “No,” she said quickly.

“That is one of the unbreakable rules of my position. We have to do as

much as we can with the time we are given.”

Yangchen couldn’t agree more.

“Avatar, would you mind joining me for a short walk in the garden?”

Chaisee said. “The tea would benefit from a longer steeping.”

There was barely a distinction between the lush overgrowth of the

surrounding jungle and the curated plants belonging to the property. The

sweet fragrance of climbing orchids lay heavy on the nose.

“Are you sure this isn’t too much exertion?” Yangchen asked as they

picked their way through the gravel path. She moved aside the draping

vines and hanging branches for them both. Under a tree she noticed a pile of

broken eggshells that must have come from a sizable bird, and when she

looked up, she saw a platform made of planks, holding a nest. Raveneagles, judging by the loose feathers.

“It’s good for my swelling feet. Avatar, I have to give you a bit of

advice. Be careful what you say around people you haven’t vetted. To wit,

my servant is a spy for the Fire Lord.”

Yangchen turned her head in surprise and was swatted across the temple

by dewy leaves. She had kept Sidao on the roster, yes, but she’d never let

anyone she suspected get so close to the places where she lived and ate. Her

off-duty moments, her homes in the Air Temples and especially the Western

one, were inviolable to her. “You’re sure?”

“I’m sure.” Chaisee adjusted the shoulder of her linen robe. “Fire Lord

Gonryu enjoys the revenue I bring him, but he has no desire to see any

particular zongdu linger. If he believed I meant to stay in power longer than

my allotted term, there would be a great deal of trouble.”

“I’m sorry,” Yangchen said. “I—I can’t imagine what it would be like.

To live your life being spied upon.”

“I could teach you a great many things about the experience. For now,

the man is a useful instrument to make sure Fire Lord Gonryu hears what I

want him to hear. Once that’s no longer true I’ll dispose of him.”

Yangchen halted. “What do you mean by that?”

“I mean, I will make him go away so completely that his own masters

will wonder if he ever existed in the first place. People will take as many

liberties with you as you let them, Avatar. I could teach you how to deal

with such offenses appropriately.”

Chaisee was still in the mindset of dealing out advice. Philosophy. She

saw nothing wrong with what she was saying, and she overtook Yangchen

along the path as if lost in thought.

“For instance, I know ruffians tried to pelt you with stones in Bin-Er,”

she said. “Assaulting the Avatar in the street? Such a thing would never

happen in Jonduri. Disgraceful, the way Henshe did nothing to find the

perpetrators. If it were me, I’d have nailed their hands to their skulls so they

could beg your forgiveness in the proper pose. And with the appropriate

level of enthusiasm. One can easily survive such a punishment.”

Chaisee took a few more steps before noticing Yangchen wasn’t

following her and turned around slowly. The Avatar stared the zongdu

down, the two of them hedged in by green bamboo. The vegetation seemed

to press them closer like gamblers urging on a pair of fighting cricketsnails.

“You will refrain from making awful jests in my presence,” Yangchen

said. Reveling in violence in front of her face? No. There had to be a line,

where the games stopped and the masks were put aside. “And you will

cease any misguided beliefs you might hold that I would ever be party to

such heinous deeds.”

Chaisee inhaled deeply through her nose. “I have offended you. I

thought a leader in your position might be receptive to discussing various

strategies. Of course, my words were all hypothetical.”

She bowed slightly, limited in her range of motion. “I apologize.

Perhaps we should end our visit for now.”

At Chaisee’s plea, Yangchen waited by the walkway while the zongdu went

back inside to fetch something. She emerged from her house holding a slim

book, bound with string.

The works of Shoken. Chaisee pressed it into Yangchen’s hands. “In my

childhood village, it was our custom to give honored visitors a gift of

personal value upon their departure. The practice ensures a link between the

host’s past and the guest’s future. I see you as a great Avatar in the making,

and I wish to be of one mind with you.”

She values unanimity, Yangchen thought, in the truest sense. The tight

smiles of selected residents. Manipulating image and information. An

underlying threat of violence. The order of Jonduri was dependent upon

control.

Henshe with unchecked power was a callow menace. But Chaisee,

unfettered . . . Yangchen couldn’t predict her eventual form, the marble

waiting to be freed from the block, and that scared her. She had to get into

the town below, under cover, and confirm Kavik made it in safely. From

there, they could figure out how to locate the critical shipments before—

“One more thing,” Chaisee said. “I have a message for you that came to

me by mistake.” She produced a small scroll, bent and torn.

Yangchen took it, frowning at the unlikelihood. “How did you get this?”

There was a scratch on the back, and a brown dot that might have been a

speck of dried blood.

“I chanced upon an injured messenger hawk on the hillside. Jonduri lies

underneath several flight paths, and occasionally the animals end up here

when they shouldn’t. They’re convenient, fast, but they’re not infallible. No

substitute for a trusted human courier.”

Yangchen unfurled the paper and read. The message was indeed

addressed to her. A few words in and her fingers began to tremble.

“From Duke Zolian of the Saowon clan,” Chaisee said. “I’m sorry to

have read your correspondence, but I didn’t know it was for the Avatar’s

eyes only. It sounds like things have taken a turn for the worse in Ma’inka

since your last visit. I’ve never heard the duke use such desperate language

before.”

Yangchen wadded the scroll in her fist. She squeezed it until it burst into

flames, the hot ash turning to dust against her skin. Despite her earlier

rebuke of Chaisee, she had never been so close to wanting to commit

premeditated violence herself.

“Those poor children,” Chaisee said. “You can imagine how my heart

goes out to them.”

The Zongdu of Jonduri stared out to sea. From her house she could see

the harbor, every ship entering and leaving her domain. “I assume you will

want to make haste for Ma’inka immediately,” she said to Yangchen. “Each

passing moment spent here could mean another life lost.”

Chaisee smiled faintly into the breeze. “And that is the one thing we

cannot abide now, isn’t it?”

OceanofPDF.com

THE GAMBLE

The Avatar was supposed to check in at the safe house as soon as she could

after dropping Kavik off. He waited by puttering around the customer-less

inn, helping Akuudan with inside chores while Tayagum went out to fish.

He scouted the streets as much as he could without drawing suspicion,

observing Jonduri residents. The ones who’d lived on the island since birth

spoke sentences that burst up and down like noisemakers. They doubled up

words for emphasis and slung the term sifu around as a casual greeting, a

shocking use of an honorific so esteemed in the wider Four Nations. Hey,

Sifu! Get your broke-broke behind out the way of my cart!

By the middle of the third day, though, Yangchen still hadn’t shown up.

“Something’s wrong,” Kavik said to his older teammates.

“So astute of you to notice,” Akuudan snapped, as testy as a father

whose child had paddled out to sea in the middle of a storm.

Tayagum, as Kavik had learned, was in the habit of freezing and melting

and refreezing water into different strand patterns between his fingers when

he was worried. The string game, but for Waterbenders. “Most likely she’s

being watched and can’t shake her tails yet,” he said, reassuring himself as

much as anyone else. A crystalline net as delicate as silk glittered in his

palms. “No one in their right mind would harm the Avatar.”

“I don’t know about that.” Kavik was no historian, but he could name at

least a couple of famous examples off the top of his head who’d fallen in

battle.

Tayagum shot him a dirty look. “You’re thinking of wartime champions

who went out in blazes of glory. Avatars don’t get knifed in the middle of

busy cities.” He distractedly dropped a loop of water, ruining one side of the

bridge of frost. “To my knowledge,” he muttered.

“And she hasn’t sent any word by hawk?” Kavik asked.

Akuudan shook his head. “Aerial messages tend to vanish without a

trace in Jonduri; we’ve never been able to rely on them for communication

going to and from the island.”

So they were stuck. Yangchen was supposed to be their decision maker.

The person with the final call on what moves to make.

“We found a good lead on how you can get in with Chaisee’s

association, but the problem is the window closes tonight,” Akuudan said.

“The dock loaders are unhappy with their working conditions, and the flow

of traffic is slowing. At some point, Chaisee is going to have to send her

people in to resolve the conflict. This is biggest bout of unrest since her

term began, so she’s been hiring fresh blood in preparation. You would try

to join her recruitment drive.”

The same story, reincarnated across the waters. “I thought there was no

unrest in Jonduri,” Kavik said.

“You think that because Chaisee always sends her people in to ‘resolve

the conflict,’ ” Tayagum said. “This is a chance to get right up close to the

assets we’re looking for.”

After Kavik’s briefing, they’d all agreed the docks were their best bet at

intercepting the Unanimity shipment. “What do you think it is?” Kavik

asked, curious about their take on the matter. “Weapons? Alchemical

ingredients?”

Tayagum and Akuudan listened to Kavik rattling off the list of

possibilities he and Yangchen had come up with on the flight over. In

unison, they shook their heads.

“For my mind, there’s only one thing it could be,” Tayagum said.

“Money. Stamped coins, raw bullion, stacks of contracts worth huge

amounts, maybe. But I’ll guarantee you it’s money, in one form or another.”

Kavik was going to say that was an unimaginative guess, but the more

he thought about it, the more it made sense. The Platinum Affair had

thrown the world off balance, and these two men had been right there to see

it happen. Enough money could buy an army or force a city to its knees. It

could be moved on a boat and stored until its eventual release, an arrow

loosed from a bow.

“I suppose the only way we find out is if I go get recruited tonight,”

Kavik said. “We’d just have to act without the Avatar’s blessing.” Without

her protection.

Back at the Northern Air Temple, he’d confided in Yangchen about the

emptiness over his shoulder. The uncomfortable freedom that came when

no one was watching out for you. For Kavik, it tilted the ground underneath

him, pushed him along uncertain paths, lent him speed. He was used to it by

now, after Kalyaan had been gone for so long. You could run faster

downhill, provided your feet kept up.

The two older men looked unconvinced. “She would go for it,” Kavik

said. He’d recognized a kindred spirit in the Avatar, right before her lemurs

ruined the moment. “Granted, I don’t know her as well as you do, but it

feels like she would take the risk herself if she could.”

Akuudan grunted in resignation. “Then you know her perfectly well,”

he said.

Jonduri at night was a red glow of lanterns, a fume of spilled drinks, a

raucous, too-loud conversation over spicy food. The temperatures after dark

wouldn’t kill you like they would in Bin-Er; in fact, the heat became almost

tolerable. The residents of the city took full advantage and packed the

streets, flowing from one night market to another.

The meeting point for prospective recruits of the zongdu was set in a

creaking hall innocuously named Kee-Hop Merchant’s Association.

Kavik wondered why it lay over a rotting dock, as if the occupants had

to keep an arbitrary separation from the dry land of Jonduri. The answer

was clear once the burly enforcer let him through. Inside was a gambling

den.

The interior didn’t have a floor so much as a series of planks laid

haphazardly over bamboo struts, and the lapping water underneath the

building was visible through holes big enough to fish in. Gaming tables

bounced and swayed as players pounded on their tops. Now and then, a

grateful winner or a loser needing a change in luck would flip a coin into

one of the holes, resulting in a small splash. The place was built on wishes.

Akuudan and Tayagum had told him there might be some kind of trial.

He was going to have to think on his toes in order to get accepted into

Chaisee’s confederation of runners, spies, and headkickers.

A table manager glanced at him and then at the far end of the hall,

where tightly placed paper screens formed a corner office. There was

someone inside, and a small slat of loose weave would let the occupant peer

out onto the floor while remaining hidden.

The manager’s glance turning into a full-blown stare gave Kavik a

decent guess as to what a first test might be. His potential employers

wanted to watch him gamble. Was he an all-or-nothing type of player, a

small-talker, a bluffer?

He spent a few minutes assessing his surroundings. A small group of

motley individuals, old men all, was playing street-style Pai Sho in the

corner. But most of the floor space was dedicated to a four-person game

played with elemental solitaire tiles. Kavik had never liked solitaire—

despite perfect play, sometimes you just couldn’t win due to the way the

pieces were stacked—and he decided not to go anywhere near this

competitive version. The speed and dexterity with which the gamblers

clacked their tiles said he would be eaten alive.

He had some money with him, but not much, and he was pretty sure

going bankrupt before the signal would mean getting tossed out from both

the building and the selection process. Kavik thought about it a bit more

and went over to the Pai Sho section. He asked for a standard rules game

from one of the hustling geezers and was denied until he promised to give

his opponent four times the stakes if he won.

But the bet would never come to completion. Unlike the fast-paced

chance versions, regular Pai Sho could be stalled out near indefinitely.

Kavik sat on a stool and played like a stone wall. Ba Sing Se had nothing on

his defense. He was never going to win, but neither was he going to lose,

and if the candidates were selected by the last purse standing, he could sit

here and let chance ruin them.

He stroked his chin and contemplated the board state sagely for what

seemed like an hour until a hall-wide raffle was announced. A large wire

birdcage filled with dice was brought out, and the gamblers paused their

play at the tables to check slips of paper with characters written on them.

Kavik looked up to see the floor manager standing over him. “Bossboss says go to the back.”

Kavik left the Pai Sho table over the protests of his elderly foe. A small

door near the screens was open. He kept his eyes lowered, not wanting to

offend the boss-boss as he approached. He held his breath as the shadow

inside shifted, and only let it out once he was through the door. He might

have just passed within inches of the infamous Zongdu Chaisee.

Outside was a dock barely big enough to hold Kavik and the other four

candidates. A boatman pulled closer in a rowed skiff.

“You two get in,” he said, using the oar to point at Kavik and another

boy about his age with a notch in his ear, like Yangchen’s lemur Pik. Or was

it Pak? “You other three go back inside.”

So over half of them weeded out already. The winners boarded the boat

and the losers started to protest, but the boatman pushed off against the

dock pile regardless. The vessel floated away into the night, leaving those

who didn’t make the cut at a loss for what to do.

“How did you fare?” asked the other passenger. Kavik had noticed him

playing the elemental tile game like an expert. He tossed up a heavy purse

and swiped it sideways. “That bad, huh? I probably should have stayed

back there if the Sparrowbones tables can be cracked this easy. I doubled up

at least three times.”

Maybe the boss-boss liked extreme differences in strategy. Maybe

Master Lucky over here was going to be his new partner in the association.

Kavik had very little to go on but decided he would dread the thought

anyway.

The reflected moon guided them around the edge of the shore into a

steep inlet that would have been hard to see in broad daylight. A large flatsided building waited for them, comically crowded behind a tiny slip of

beach, lamplight peeking out of a row of windows.

They disembarked and stopped in front of the door where a reedy fellow

who looked more like a clerk than a guard took note of them and scribbled

on a chalk slate. Being recorded took Kavik on a swift, unpleasant journey

back to the first day he stepped on the Earth Kingdom continent.

“Your little test was clever,” said the other boy. He tossed the bag of

coins onto the slate, nearly making its holder drop them both. “But I think

I’m a bit more profitable than our Water Tribe friend here.”

The man seemed confused by the money. “What? What test?”

“You were watching us gamble over the evening. Seeing which of us

made the most money.” The boy jostled Kavik with his elbow. “You must

have noticed it too. Tell him.”

Kavik composed his features into a blank, dull stare. The boy’s grin,

which had started out wide as the crescent moon overhead, was now waning

steadily. “Come on,” he said to Kavik, like they were in this together. “Why

else would they leave us there for so long before the signal? And take only

you and me if they weren’t doing an evaluation?”

“We were late,” said the boatman. “And I told the others to stay behind

because the skiff’s not safe when it’s overloaded.”

The clerk had had enough. “All right, you know what, kid? Get out of

here. You can have a ride back, and then we never want to see you again.”

He pointed at Kavik with his chalk. “You. Stay.”

“But—but—” The boatman pressed his unwilling passenger away using

the oar.

“Rude,” the clerk muttered. He fished an intricately carved wooden key

out of his robes and pushed it into the door lock.

Before turning it, he paused. “We were watching,” he said quietly to

Kavik. “And we like runners who can play dumb and avoid being noticed.”

The mechanism clunked into place and the door swung open. “Welcome to

the association.”

Kavik was hit by a wave of sweat and fish and decaying kelp. The

building had to have been a fish-drying operation at some point to explain

the smell wafting from the floorboards, but now it seemed a cross between

a training ground and a social club. Over by an expanse of straw mats that

badly needed airing, there were sets of satchel-shaped weights, loaded

exercise maces. In a different section, tables and tiles for the exact same

game being played back in the gambling den had been set up, alongside

rows of cots. A stove next to a woodpile.

Association members could relax here, keep their muscles warm, nap.

Kavik was puzzled by the setup until he remembered his job, and the job he

was pretending to seek.

This place was a safe house. He’d been momentarily confused by the

scale. Chaisee had a huge private building for her runners as opposed to

Akuudan’s tiny inn. Numerous operatives to Yangchen’s one runner. Kavik

felt puny, and a little indignant on the Avatar’s behalf.

Right now, none of the equipment was being used. Everyone inside was

gathered near a wall, two dozen people jeering and shouting and laughing in

rapt attention. There would be an odd noise, thunk! and then a reaction from

the crowd. Gaah, come on!

“You can call me Tael,” the man who’d let him in said.

“Kavik.” Like Yangchen said, in Jonduri he was completely clean. It

was simpler not to make something up.

“We pay per job, Kavik. We give you something to do, you do it, and

you don’t ask questions. You’re lucky to be here, you understand? Bossboss had a good feeling about you. There’s a lot of dock action going on

these days, and I want a Waterbender on hand.”

It had been easy. But if he was in demand, he was in demand. “So you

know I’m a Waterbender,” Kavik said. He avoided phrasing it as a question.

Tael smirked, proud of his own observation skills. “Your reactions to the

sea, the moon. You look at the water more often. It’s hard to ignore a big

presence of your element. Earthbenders are always glancing down more

than they think, you know?” Huh. Kavik supposed that was true. “Bossboss likes to put people to work right away,” said Tael. “At sunrise we got a

job for you and whoever wins this contest we’re having right now.”

Tael bade Kavik come see what was happening by the wall. The two of

them circled the crowd until they found a gap to watch through.

Thunk. The sound of metal hitting home in wood. A knife-throwing

competition.

The two participants must have been at it for a long time because the

target, a stump turned on its side, had been gouged into a bowl. Most of the

association members were rooting for the dashing, well-dressed youth who

almost looked like a son of a shang, trawling the bottom of the city for

adventure. Money had certainly been placed on him.

His opponent, a stocky kid in ratty sleeves who looked tense and furious

even when he was waiting for his turn, had far fewer backers. A broad,

wrinkled stripe of a scar ran down the middle of his forehead to his nose, as

if he’d accidentally smeared acid on a sunburn instead of ointment.

A hush fell over the crowd as the well-dressed boy toed the line. He

held two daggers in the same hand by their points in an upside-down eight

character. He wiped the sweat from his brow and ignored a heckler who

claimed he was doomed to failure. With a carefully considered heave, he

sent the weapons tumbling through the air.

The first dagger landed home in the center of the target, followed

instantly by the tip of the second burying itself in the wooden pommel of

the first. An arrow split, but with knives. And on the same toss, no less.

The onlookers burst into cheers. A once-in-a-lifetime sight. But the

noise died down as soon as the scarred boy stormed up to the line, gripping

his knives the exact same way, presumably to match the feat. He didn’t

seem to think it was a big deal. A waste of a throw, really.

“Come on, Jujinta!” someone shouted. “Just forfeit the match! Some of

us have places to be!”

Jujinta spotted Tael and called out to him in a nasal, squeaky voice.

“You said if I lose, Shigoro here gets my spot on the next job, right?”

“That’s what I said,” Tael replied.

Jujinta cracked his neck and gave his next move some thought. Without

warning, he stabbed the meat of his opponent’s throwing shoulder with one

of his daggers, leaving the blade stuck there.

Shigoro screamed and dropped to the floor. “I lose,” Jujinta said to Tael

over the shock of the crowd and the cries of pain filling the hall. “But I

don’t think he’s going to be employable for a while.”

“Can’t argue with that logic.” Tael turned to Kavik and slapped him on

the back. “Meet your new partner. I’m sure the two of you will make a great

team.”

OceanofPDF.com

LEGITIMATE BUSINESS

From above, Ma’inka always looked like a fish’s head to Yangchen. Openmouthed, goggling. Bisected from the rest of the body. She could relate.

One of the eastern islands in the volcanic chain making up the Fire

Nation, Ma’inka belonged to the Saowon clan. An old, proud Fire Nation

lineage dating back to pre-unification history. Her immediate predecessor,

Avatar Szeto, had skillfully managed the Saowon and their rival noble

houses during a time of deep crisis in his homeland, and tempered ancient

feuds into a lasting peace.

Yangchen thought she had lived up to Szeto’s legacy with a victory of

her own the last time she was in Ma’inka. The message to her that Chaisee

had intercepted had proven otherwise.

She circled the carved spires of Duke Zolian’s stone manor and landed

between moss-draped walls and a reflecting pool that was developing a

green skin on top. Her greeting by the servants was somber. They told her

that while the duke had been informed of the Avatar’s arrival the instant