Title: part of a dignitary, not with his weathered face and plain way of speaking, (Part 7)

they spotted her bison in the air, he was still finishing some business with

the clan elders. She would have to wait.

For a brief moment, Yangchen wondered how future generations would

look upon an Air Avatar challenging a Fire Nation noble to an Agni Kai.

She’d win too; she was pretty certain of it.

After calming down, Yangchen left Nujian with the stable hands and

was led inside the ancestral seat of the Saowon. In Zolian’s private study,

Yangchen sat by herself, drank smoked tea, and swallowed her misgivings.

She’d made the gamble to drop everything and come here instead of

meeting with Kavik like she’d promised. Trying to make contact at the safe

house before traveling to Ma’inka was an option, yes. But Chaisee’s

vantage point from the peak of Jonduri, plus the watchers she surely put on

Yangchen after their conversation, meant sneaking back into the city would

have been a long and laborious process. Time was of the essence here. She

had to hope Kavik possessed enough sense to lie low with Akuudan and

Tayagum until she returned to Jonduri.

The door opened and Duke Zolian entered. He’d lost weight since their

last meeting, and his beard was grayer. Behind him was his heir and much

younger cousin, Lohi, who held a large carved box in his arms.

A gift. She was going receive a gift to make it all better. The two men

bowed deeply. “Avatar,” Zolian said, his voice cracking with relief. “You

got our message. Thank the spirits, you got our—”

“Shut up,” Yangchen snapped. She’d shown all the tact in the world on

her first visit, but circumstances were different now. “Shut up. Shut up.

Shut. Up.”

Her command hung in the air. Until further notice. They waited

dutifully, heads hung. Their shame a testament to how badly they’d erred,

and how desperately they still needed her.

She must have seemed like she was drawing the moment out to exert

her power, but really Yangchen couldn’t find any words. She tripped over

every sentence in her head.

“You . . . you only had to do one thing,” Yangchen said, eloquence

nowhere to be found. “It was working. It was working and you—All you

had to do was uphold your end of the bargain! You only had to do one thing

and you mucked it up!”

Control over her loudness, also gone. She wondered why they weren’t

talking until she remembered she’d specifically ordered it. “Speak.”

“Avatar.” Lohi shifted the weight of the box that Yangchen still refused

to acknowledge. “I understand you must be disappointed, but please let us

explain.”

“What is there to explain?! No human was to set foot within three li of

the cavern edges! Did we not set up boundary warnings? Did we not

communicate the terms to the assembled family heads before I left? There’s

nothing to explain!”

This should have been the one of the most straightforward of matters for

an Avatar. One of her most basic duties. An easy victory, even. The Saowon

had asked her for help dealing with unseen forces causing damage along the

edges of their villages. And she’d given it.

After interpreting the will of the spirits, she informed their human

neighbors that in order to end the troubles, they’d have to keep their

distance from the cenotes dotting the island and leave what looked like

perfectly good, arable land untouched. Settlements were pulled back, the

destruction of the sinkholes ceased, and balance had crept into Ma’inka.

Delicate but real.

Those efforts had been wasted. Duke Zolian’s chin trembled. It didn’t

matter that he couldn’t bring himself to speak; there were only so many

answers to choose from. We didn’t think the rule applied to everyone. We

broke the rule by accident and nothing bad happened immediately, so we

problem had eventually gone away by itself. We realized, in retrospect, that

we just didn’t care about anything other than what we wanted in the

moment.

Yangchen had heard so many variations on the underlying melody, but it

was all the same song. “You have hamstrung my ability to help you again.

Give me a reason why I shouldn’t leave right now and let you face the

spirits on your own this time.”

The threat surprised her as it slipped out. She wouldn’t abandon people

in need. So then why did she say it? Why did it feel good to imagine flying

away, leaving them behind to plead with the sky?

Here, Zolian was ready with an answer. “Our children,” he said. “It is as

we wrote to you. The phoenix-eel spirits have—They’ve done something to

our children. A curse. Across the island, Saowon youth are not waking up

from their slumber. They will waste away if we do nothing.”

“Every healer we’ve consulted says the sickness is borne of the spirit,

not the body,” Lohi said. “I know you may not believe us, but we could take

you to a hospital, show you the effects—”

“NO!”

They were confused by her violent refusal. Avatar Yangchen was known

for healing the sick with her own two hands; it was arguably the image of

her the Four Nations liked best. It was true she had treated many gruesome

injuries and illnesses, seen the worst kind of physical damage.

But to look upon a wasting dream, the peaceful form of a body damaged

in spirit . . . No. She couldn’t subject herself to that, not after what

happened to Jetsun. “I believe you,” Yangchen said. “There is nothing to

prove.”

Zolian knelt and touched his head to the floor. “I beg you not to let them

suffer for our misdeeds. Please, Avatar. Negotiate with the spirits on our

behalf once more. We will honor the outcome, honor you, for an eternity.”

Lohi stepped forward with the box. “We have collected a penance from

our clan, to show our sincerity.” He opened the lid and showed her the

contents.

When Yangchen realized what the dark lumps inside were, she had to

avert her eyes. Piled in the box, like the organs of a slaughtered animal,

were bundles of human hair. Judging from the jeweled and gilded pins

intentionally left in them, the top ranks of the Saowon clan had all

undertaken the ritual of dishonor.

The meaning, the weight of that harvest, heaped upon Yangchen’s neck,

making her dizzy and nauseous. They’d wanted to move her. They couldn’t

have imagined how successful they’d be.

She had been Fire Nation scores of times over, held her honor in the

highest esteem, and lost it on a few occasions. The fact applied here as

much as it did underneath the floorboards of the Bin-Er gathering hall.

Yangchen staggered backward and caught herself on her chair. “Get that

away from me,” she said. “Close the lid.” With everything weighing on her,

she could not afford to lose control in front of the leaders of a major Fire

Nation clan. She fought back the heaves running through her gut. She

swallowed and swallowed until the danger passed.

The act of willpower was not a moment to be proud of. Brute

suppression had a cost. Her body and mind were sure to pay the price later,

with interest.

Zolian and Lohi took her shudders as acceptance of the gesture. Of

course the benevolent and loving Air Nomad would be moved. “There are

only two more additions to be made,” Lohi said. He put the box aside, drew

a blade from his waist, and knelt beside his elder.

Yangchen and Lohi left Zolian recovering in a chair with the help of his

servants, a damp cloth draped over his eyes. The display of shame had

worked, the Avatar had acquiesced, but the mental strain of losing his

topknot had rendered the duke incapable of further discussion.

The younger Saowon had needed only a minute to collect himself

before offering to show Yangchen out. They walked through a hallway

exposed to an open courtyard on one side, patches of moisture seeping

through joints in the stonework overhead. The manor had a temple-like

construction, its ancient architect no doubt influenced by the strong link

between the Saowon clan and the Fire Sages.

Lohi’s hand drifted upward toward his shorn patch only once—to check

in disbelief that his hair wasn’t still sitting on his head—before he snatched

it back down and kept his fist balled at his side. “My clan would have me

beg your forgiveness,” he said. “We needed as much land as we could plant.

In lean times, every acre counts.”

Lohi had proven to be sensible the last time Yangchen was in Ma’inka,

someone she could work with. He surely recognized how weak the excuses

coming out of his mouth sounded. “We did try other measures before

contacting you again.” Lohi gestured toward an empty alcove as they

walked by. “The family treasures. Some of them were sacrificed on pyres to

no avail; the rest had to be liquidated to feed our retainers. Straits are dire,

Avatar.”

“They didn’t have to be.” That was the most frustrating part. Neither

Yangchen nor the spirits had demanded a complete beggaring of the

Saowon.

“Indeed. Your initial message was delivered impeccably. It was our

stubborn ears that refused to open.”

Yangchen remembered the original council among the family heads

when she’d explained the demands of the spirits. The elders had hemmed

and hawed instead of nodding, and when Zolian announced they would

comply, several pairs of eyes had glanced at each other instead of their clan

leader.

“My duke was unable to keep some of the branch houses from defying

the contract,” Lohi said. “He is a good man, but occasionally soft when it

comes to his family. When it is my turn to lead the Saowon, I promise you I

will enforce unanimity within my clan.”

A mere coincidence in his choice of words. And yet Yangchen had to

struggle not to scream.

A servant brought her staff. She was going to have to fly fast. “Tell me

something,” she said once she and Lohi were alone again. “The family

heads who broke the agreement. Would they have listened the first time if

I’d told them the treaty was the word of Avatar Szeto himself, and not

mine? If I’d told them I’d communed with his spirit beforehand, and the

terms were simply what he commanded me to put down on paper?”

She’d thought of the tactic after her flop in Bin-Er, too late to help her

there and long after her first attempt to assist the Saowon. Speaking with

the voice of her past life, the respected elder statesman could have helped

her cause in front of Teiin and Noehi. It certainly wouldn’t have hurt.

But in the Fire Nation, Szeto’s name was a sledgehammer. Had she

trotted it out, her decree to stay away from the sacred cenotes would have

landed upon the Saowon with the force of a mother, a father, a sifu, the Fire

Lord, all rolled into one. She could have leveraged her predecessor’s

credibility, provided she was willing to acknowledge she had none herself.

Lohi’s pause was all the answer she needed. “. . . Did you?” he asked.

“Did you talk to Szeto?”

Yangchen frowned, snapped the wings of her glider open, and took off.

OceanofPDF.com

THE DISPUTE

She wasn’t going to take Nujian to the largest cenote. Her companion could

get jittery around spirits these days and had every right to be after the Old

Iron incident. Yangchen flew over the humid jungles of Ma’inka on her

glider, pushing the winds as hard as she could.

She spotted a clearing in the trees and landed on a woven floor of roots.

It was necessary to proceed on foot for the last part of the journey, let

herself be vulnerable, or else she risked flying back and forth over her

destination wondering why she wasn’t seeing anything out of the ordinary.

Sunbeams combed through the tree trunks. She could hear chittering

insects and screaming birds. The smell of life was also the smell of decay,

overwhelming rot and fertility attacking through her nose.

Yangchen stepped from stone to stone and fallen branch to fallen

branch. There was no such thing as a straight path under the canopy. She

avoided using her staff for balance; the end would sink into the damp soil

and ruin the tail fins.

Her disturbances sent squirrel-toads hopping in circles. Several of them

decided to follow along and keep pace. Leaves fell from overhead. She

looked up to see monkey-marmots trailing her through the trees.

“Shoo,” she said. The furry creatures, reminiscent of lemurs, blinked

and waggled their head tufts. Yangchen sighed.

Animals were often drawn to her for no discernible reason. It was how

she’d ended up with Pik and Pak. People envied her for it, but there were

drawbacks. The other children had cried on Bonding Day when most of the

bison calves flocked to Yangchen instead of distributing themselves

equitably. She had to flee with Nujian before she ended up with a whole

herd of companions instead of just one.

After a half hour of walking, she encountered the problem. The true

reason why she was here.

A large plot of land had been cleared by slashing and burning. Inside the

swidden was an encampment constructed on top of bamboo piles, giving it

the thin-legged appearance of Jonduri in miniature. A network of sluice

chutes sprouted outward from the village center. They led to nowhere, no

vessels for containment, and had the slurry inside not dried up since the

camp’s evacuation it would have spilled in waves over the jungle floor.

By following the chutes, she found the last piece of evidence, a derrick

topped by a pulley, the setup for a drop drill. A blunt-force mechanism to

smash away at the earth with an iron bit until substances that should have

been deep and buried could be sucked to the surface. Either the rig had to

be abandoned too quickly to hide, or the owners hadn’t bothered at all,

thinking she wouldn’t know what it was if she discovered it. Air Nomads

had no use for such devices, after all.

Somewhere along the chain of communication, from the disobedient

branch families, to Zolian and Lohi, to her, the truth had been twisted. This

wasn’t a farming plot. This was an excavation zone.

The affronted phoenix-eels had made their displeasure clear. The

longhouses and bamboo scaffolds had been crushed in several places,

narrow stripes of destruction that looked like they could have been caused

by falling trees. But there was nothing in the wreckage except for great

splashes of acidic discoloration, extending from the broken buildings to the

vegetation around them. Channels of dead vines and unnaturally yellowed

shrubs led deeper into the forest.

Yangchen shuddered. The village was a scar crossed out by another scar.

She exited the clearing on the other side, in more ways than one. Her

animal followers did not come along, one of the first signs the encampment

marked a boundary, the start of a new country where the common laws of

reality binding the Four Nations loosened their grip. At her presence, the

sour wind through the branches made a low moan, the kind that began in a

throat.

Her eyes burned with unchecked sweat running down her shaven head.

The forest no longer spoke with animalistic chirps and howls, but in the

fluttering of tongues and whispers of nonsense much too close to language

for comfort. Yangchen knew at this point, turning around and heading

straight back would not take her to the camp or to the Saowon manor or to

any human land at all.

Tendrils of unknown plants drifted around her knees as if she were

walking along the floor of the ocean. She ignored their slimy touch, the way

they sometimes closed tight, just missing ensnaring her legs as she walked.

Off to her left stalked a presence, a shadow out of the corner of her eye,

long-limbed and muscled like a puma-goat. It was at least twenty feet tall.

She dared not look at it directly, and slowed down to let it cross her path.

Once it had gone, she saw giant handprints left behind, shaped like a

human’s down to the palm lines.

After more walking she came to the edge of a hole a mile wide, the

center so dark and deep it tugged on her throat and made the level ground

under her feet feel like a slope, down, down into the emptiness. A great fall

waited without the relief of an impact.

Little egg.

With her weight on her heels so she wouldn’t topple forward, Yangchen

called out. “I am here. We must talk.”

Spirals of water rose out of the hole, winding higher like ivy. The liquid

took on color and definition, grew a beard of beaks underneath a face full of

glowing red eyes. The phoenix-eels. A braid of competing heads and

thoughts, only unified when wronged. And they were unified before

Yangchen.

The first time she visited these spirits on behalf of the Saowon, they had

not darkened to such an extent. They resembled animals from the physical

world, glowing with energy, sunbeams full of dust. Back then the phoenixeels had snapped the piles of encroaching settlements, flooded portions of

fields, carried off heads of livestock. Their sole intent was to warn humans

off portions of Ma’inka, their actions almost mischievous. Negotiating with

them was still possible.

Under the terms the Avatar brokered, the spirits got what they wanted.

To a degree. The humans got to expand. A little. No side was fully happy,

an outcome Yangchen could live with.

But evidently, some members of Zolian’s family could not. Now the

phoenix-eels had only punishment in their hearts. Yangchen felt the anger

and hatred emanating from their forms, hot as coals, stoked by betrayal.

Spirits were not humans who could watch an act of bad faith and figure

they would get theirs back in the future. They were sharpened rails, signs

before the cliff drop, harsh tutors who swatted your hand the moment your

brushstroke swayed. Parents always forgot the lessons they told their own

children. Don’t touch that flower or you’ll be pricked by the thorns. That’s

just what happens; if you don’t like it, don’t touch it. Stay away from those

woods or the spirits will take you. That’s just what will happen.

The phoenix-eels undulated and coiled, dripping water down

shimmering scales. Snakes curled before they struck too. Hollow shell.

Little egg, with no yolk inside. We know why you are here.

“If you know why I am here, then release the children from their

sickness.”

She dares. Against her own word, she dares.

A monstrous beak came rushing at Yangchen, snapping shut in front of

her face. It was too large, filled too much of her vision for her to react with

the proper fright. But had she been standing a foot closer she would have

lost her nose.

She blinked slowly, one of the few shows she was allowed, while her

heart bounced up and down. The price they exacted for losing control could

vary beyond comprehension.

The phoenix-eels understood why she was being silent. You come with

nothing. You stand on nothing.

True. This was an escape attempt by the Saowon, a go at the most

human of follies—trying to avoid consequences. “The people who broke

their promise have displayed a willingness to atone. They have shown their

dishonor.”

No penance, what can be forgotten with time. We will feast on their

eternal regret. They will watch their line come to ruin.

The statement was a statement. The facts, not a ploy to get more from

Yangchen. The spirits began to descend, slithering back into the abyss.

Out of desperation she dredged up her first success, if the destruction of

a city could be called that. “Old Iron listened!” she shouted. “And in return

he received perpetual obeisance!”

WE ARE NOT OLD IRON! came the scream. WE DO NOT LOVE. WE

DO NOT RELENT. The slithering coils stopped their descent. Rage kept

them from leaving the table. They would hurt Yangchen now, for offending

them. But at least they hadn’t disappeared.

A wall of red eyes lowered before hers. The phoenix-eels still had

features conceivable in the human realm, which meant there was a remnant

of light in them yet. She could detect the flickering shadow of the fully

darkened form it might take, a spherical cluster of beaks and fins, unable to

choose a direction to exist in.

For now, though, there was still hope, as long as she was willing to

suffer their punishment. Yangchen steadied herself. A wispy tendril of the

spirit, smoke made life, touched her on the forehead where the arrow point

was.

The pain did not take the form she expected. Instead of suffering, she saw.

She saw wandering shadows, threaded in a weft of agony. Human

beings staggering in base, groaning lowness. Wounds, all of them selfinflicted, spilling from lips and ravaging lungs like burning, choking

chyme.

They cried out to the mist. And there was no answer. No substance for

an echo to bounce off.

Everything was malleable in the Spirit World, including point of view.

Yangchen had seen through so many eyes before. She’d been jarred from

place and time into her past lives, locked into shackles made of moments

long gone.

This was different. With the help of powerful spirits, she had been

granted a different person’s perspective for once. Jetsun’s.

The tendril withdrew back into the phoenix-eels. Yangchen was on all

fours, as prostrate before them as Zolian before her.

“Le—” She slammed the bottom of her fist repeatedly against the stone

ground, as if pounding a heartbeat back into her own chest. “Let her go. Let

her go!”

We do not have her. Nothing has her. Nothingness has her. Do you like

your gift? It is what she sees and will see, forever.

It was an illusion. It had to be. Jetsun was dead. Yangchen had been

there when her heart stopped beating.

The wall of scales before her began to move in opposing directions. The

phoenix-eels were uncoiling to depart. Yangchen could barely think

straight, let alone remember why she had come here. Her ragged mind

leaped between every plea, every prayer.

“Wait!” she cried. “The children of the Saowon! They’re—they’re not

punishment enough!”

The spirits came to a stop, intrigued.

“What you want is a truer humiliation, isn’t it?” Yangchen said. “Let the

children sleep to death and their parents’ grief will burn out in a lifetime.

There are other, better ways to exact a toll. A lasting toll.”

This was no longer a negotiation but the doctor fetching a hot iron to

burn a spurting artery closed. She was going to have to harm the Saowon in

order to save them.

Let us talk about inflicting pain, little egg, the phoenix-eels said.

Together.

When it was done, Yangchen found herself standing by the edge of a stone

cavern in the ground, large but not mind-bogglingly vast. Healthy green

vines dangled down the sides, pointing at blue water clear enough to see

through. The bottom of the cenote was jagged with rock formations, but

otherwise empty.

The physical world had become predominant once more. It might stay

that way, depending on the Saowon’s reaction to the news she bore. Her

glider lay on a flat-topped boulder, placed like an offering. Spirits could be

as cheeky as humans sometimes.

Yangchen opened the wings to inspect them for water damage. She

found none and took off immediately for the manor.

Lohi had the decency to wait for her return himself. He was the lone figure

in the manor’s courtyard, by the edge of a waterless fountain. The sun was

fading, but that meant little for determining how much time had passed.

“How long was I gone?” Yangchen asked him. She examined his face

for signs of aging, a precaution less ridiculous than it sounded. “What day is

it?”

When Lohi gave her the answer, Yangchen swore under her breath. If

she left Ma’inka now, she’d be more than three days late for her check-in

with Kavik by the time she reached Jonduri. Still, she’d gotten as lucky as

she could. There hadn’t been a leap of weeks or months as reported by

some unfortunate storytellers who’d wandered between worlds. “The

children will be released from their illness,” she said. “Provided more

conditions are met.”

Lohi shuddered in relief. “I’m glad the spirits accepted our sacrifice.

This was a devastating blow to our clan’s honor, but with time we may put

this unpleasantness—”

“You may not regrow your hair for fifty years.”

“—behind us . . . I’m sorry, did you say fifty years?”

“Five hundred moons, to be exact. That is how long the spirits of your

island declared you must hold your dishonor. You do not get to reset the

scales after a single act of penance. And there’s more.”

While Lohi was still caught up in his initial shock, Yangchen listed the

taboos the Saowon would have to observe in order to appease the phoenixeels. Some of them inconveniences. Others, serious hits to their coffers, or

quirks of behavior that would most certainly exclude them from the rituals

and celebrations of power in the Fire Nation.

Lohi reeled as if she were kicking him in the stomach with each decree.

“We’ll be humiliated for a generation!” he cried in sheer disbelief. “We’ll

never be able to contend at court! Our rivals will dance on our heads! You

were supposed to fix this!”

Forgotten were the children. Lohi’s hands curled into shapes that once

fully formed, could lead to regret. “You can’t do this to us!” He took a step

forward he didn’t need to take.

There it was. The calm young man who would likely describe himself

as the most rational member of his clan had turned into a slighted bundle of

raw nerves. Yangchen sliced downward with her hand, and the weight of

the sky dropped on his back, forcing him to halt and stoop.

She leaned down and spoke directly into his ear, so he could hear her

over the rushing wind. “I have done nothing to you. We arrived here

through your clan’s actions. You were in control the whole time. And you

can undo the bargain in an instant. Simply violate the boundary again. Let

me know what form a twice-betrayed spirit takes.”

Yangchen let up the torrent. While his face was still lowered, Lohi took

a deep gulp of still air and composed himself. He rose, wearing an

apologetic mask. “Forgive me, Avatar. It’s just . . . unbearable to think

about. The Saowon will be much diminished.”

“But the next generation will live. With enough time, they might

flourish. Is that not worth it?” Yangchen would have to swallow a dose of

humility herself. “You have lost the melon,” she said, pulling out a proverb.

“Hang on to the sesame, no?”

The spark of recognition flickered in Lohi’s eyes. It was an obscure

saying of Avatar Szeto’s, not often heard outside the Fire Nation. Sugaring

the choice with her predecessor’s wisdom would make it more palatable.

“I will talk to the other clan leaders,” Lohi said. “It will be the most

difficult task of my life, but I will talk to them.”

Difficult. She wanted to laugh. Would he fault the members of his

family who thought they had impunity, went against their word, and

angered the spirits? Or would he lay the blame at Yangchen’s feet? She

knew which option was more convenient, and convenience ruled kings and

peasants alike.

Yangchen asked to be shown to her bison. She had to get out of here and

check on Kavik. The more she thought about it, the less likely it was that a

boy who would wriggle through a block of sheer ice and follow a strange

girl to the other side of the world would be the type to sit quietly and not get

into any trouble.

Nujian waited for her in an outdoor pen, surrounded by stable hands.

Yangchen dismissed Lohi and the attendants, neither she nor the young

nobleman in the mood for a formal farewell. It occurred to her that he’d

waited for her alone not out of any sense of personal duty, but so he could

control her message to his clan.

She leaped onto Nujian’s withers and heard a crinkle. Patting

underneath her, she found a piece of paper, folded into an envelope but

without a seal. She frowned and looked around before opening it.

Greetings, Avatar. Chaisee here.

Yangchen sprang to her feet on top of the saddle. She spun on her toes,

searching the grassy field again for watchers. She had been gone long

enough for a hawk to travel from Jonduri to Ma’inka, and long enough that

anyone could have planted the letter, even Lohi himself. The zongdu who

did not trust birds had no qualms about violating her own rules.

She wanted to crumple and toss the paper out of spite, to veer away

from what was undoubtedly another carefully planned manipulation by

Chaisee, but that would have accomplished nothing. She read further.

Given our new partnership in charity, I’m hoping we can be less formal

with each other. By now you will either have solved the Saowon’s spiritual

problems or let them drink fully of the bitterness they concocted for

themselves. If you’re wondering how I know the full story, well, it’s amazing

what you can learn about someone if you hold their debts.

I would wager you found a perfect solution, Avatar, because I believe in

you. And I am not alone in that faith. Why, the other day I met a boy from

Bin-Er, seeking employment from me. He believed in you a great deal as

well, right up to the very end of our conversation.

The bottom dropped out of Yangchen’s stomach. Kavik.

I told you once that I could teach you how to deal with spies. The first

step is catching them. Do you know the best way to catch a spy, Avatar?

The first half of a koan. But all koans were taunts to some extent, the

enlightened mocking the uninitiated. Chaisee’s faint smile of victory was

stamped all over the answer to this one.

You open your door and invite them in.

OceanofPDF.com

LOOSE ENDS

After taking their wounded compatriot away for medical attention, the

association members drifted in and out of the building, mostly out, until

very few were left. The ones who remained refused to talk to Jujinta, and by

extension, Jujinta’s brand-new partner.

Kavik didn’t mind. Thanks to Kalyaan, he knew what an inherited

shunning felt like.

What he was less comfortable with was having to watch Jujinta’s postvictory ritual, which started with deep, fervent prayer to some unknown

spirit. The knife thrower scratched a series of marks into the wall, triangles

upon cross marks upon straight lines, until an intricate geometric pattern